Sports  An exceptional delivery and build helped Noah Syndergaard throw the fastest average fastball last year for a major league starter: 97.9 m.p.h. He may not have peaked....
Technology  The start-up has undertaken an extraordinary experiment in behavioral science to subtly entice an independent work force to maximize company revenue....
Sports  Montero, once a top prospect, pitched well in spring training. Seth Lugo will begin the season on the 10-day disabled list with right elbow inflammation....
World  Hungary’s prime minister is an ideological foe of the billionaire philanthropist, and a draft law is thought to target the school he opened in 1991....
Technology  With an eye for both design and engineering, this British consumer electronics company is aiming for — and winning — the high end of the market....
World  The professed aim is to counter Islamic extremism, but critics worry the Sunni-dominant coalition could heighten divisions or take sides in places like Yemen....
Art & Design  The museum formerly concentrated power and information in the hands of a few but is vowing to change....
Sports  Rod Gilbert, the Rangers’ career scoring leader, can be found at home games traversing Madison Square Garden with the same zeal with which he played years ago....
World  Aleksandar Vucic appeared headed toward a first-round victory in Serbia’s presidential election, a result seen as removing the last check on his power....
World  Much of the corn Mexico consumes comes from the United States, potentially making it a useful lever in negotiations over Nafta....
Sports  Weekend talks with U.S. Soccer representatives over a new collective bargaining agreement faced one big obstacle: compensation....
Science  Dr. Abrikosov’s work with two other physicists offered insights on superconductors, or materials that conduct electricity without resistance....
Art & Design  A mural class is part of an initiative by the State of California to bring the arts to all 35 of its adult prisons....
Sports  After the best spring training in team history, the Yankees lost on opening day for a sixth straight year....
Music  Five luminaries will be honored Monday in Washington, but President Trump’s proposal to scrap the National Endowment for the Arts may be distracting....
World  Cambodia says the United States owes it a moral debt for the devastation it caused. Washington says a loan is a loan....
Music  The St. Louis Symphony’s performance on Friday at Carnegie Hall was part of the celebrations of Mr. Adams’s 70th birthday year....
Music  “La Campana Sommersa,” first performed in 1927, is a tale of what goes wrong when a bell maker ventures into a fairy realm....
Books  Publishers have filled out this spring’s lineup of biographies, team histories and other scholarship about the national pastime....
Politics  Some people in Trumbull County say they will suffer if home-repair, rental-assistance and other programs are eliminated as President Trump has sought....
World  Separated from their family and exhibited in a human zoo during the 1930s, the last sisters face a new indignity: the sale of their childhood home....
World  More than 1,500 emergency workers descended on the provincial city of Mocoa after a sudden downpour sent deadly surge of mud and water through the area, killing over 200....
World  Afghan officials said they were investigating claims that at least nine civilians, including six children, were killed when coalition forces blew up a Taliban weapons depot in Helmand Province....
Movies  Surprising industry analysts, “The Boss Baby” pulled in $49 million this weekend, just ahead of Disney’s “Beauty and the Beast.”...
World  The Sufi shrine’s custodian was arrested after followers of a self-described mystic were given an intoxicating drink and then massacred, the authorities said....
Food  Spring is here, and today’s a good one to check on your long-neglected oven or grill....
World  The statue of Mrs. Fawcett, who campaigned for the right of women to vote, will join those of 11 men, including Winston Churchill, Abraham Lincoln and Nelson Mandela, Prime Minister Theresa May said....
Sports  Playing in a weaker conference and defeating lower-seeded teams in the N.C.A.A. tournament has done it no favors. Now comes a No. 1 seed, and an opportunity to make a statement....
World  People fleeing Boko Haram have made their homes along the road, waiting for an end to the violence....
Politics  Mr. Kushner’s role reflects the highly personal and bluntly transactional relationship between the United States and China, a risky strategy, experts say....
World  While reporting at Sweetwaters Chimpanzee Sanctuary in Kenya, Sam Wolson had his 360 camera stolen by a chimp. What resulted: possibly the world’s best 360 video recorded by a chimp....
Real Estate  Recent residential sales in New York City and the region....
Television  “Big Little Lies,” the mini-series starring Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman, ends its delicious run. And “Call the Midwife” begins a sixth season....
Fashion & Style  The bride, an optometrist, and groom, an investment banker, were married in Boston....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met through eHarmony in 2009, were married in New Orleans....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met through Tinder in February 2014, were married in Dallas....
Fashion & Style  The couple met at orientation at Columbia, from which they received M.B.A.’s....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met at a fund-raiser in March 2015, were married in Tarrytown, N.Y....
Fashion & Style  She is a reporter for Politico, and he is an economist for the Internet Association, both in Washington....
Fashion & Style  The couple met at New York University; they were married in Groton, Mass....
Fashion & Style  A Texas transplant (a lawyer) meets a New Yorker (also a lawyer). She specializes in entertainment law, and he’s into politics....
Fashion & Style  The bride is a lawyer for the Obama Foundation; the groom was the counsel for a Senate subcommittee....
Fashion & Style  She is a director at the AstraZeneca pharmaceutical company and he is an administrative judge with the Defense Department....
Fashion & Style  She edits an online Spanish-language hip-hop and entertainment magazine. He is a program director at National Louis University in Chicago....
Fashion & Style  Two professors at the University of Rochester School of Medicine have married....
Fashion & Style  The bride is a senior vice president at Comedy Central. The groom is an associate professor of theater at Ramapo College....
Fashion & Style  The couple were married at Jacksons Grove United Methodist Church in Landrum, S.C....
Sports  Beaten at the buzzer by Villanova last season, North Carolina will make its 11th appearance in the final and try to claim their sixth national title on Monday....
Sports  Thompson’s 13-under total of 203 put her ahead of Suzann Pettersen at the ANA Inspiration, the L.P.G.A. Tour’s first major championship of the year....
Politics  Many of Mr. Trump’s advisers have sprawling assets and income sources, according to their financial disclosure forms....
World  Feng Chongyi, an expert on China’s repression of political dissent who teaches in Sydney, arrived home after being barred from leaving China for 10 days....
World  Mr. Yevtushenko’s defiant verse inspired a generation of young Russians in their fight against Stalinism during the Cold War....
Sports  Gonzaga, making its 19th straight N.C.A.A. tournament appearance but its first trip to a national semifinal, held off a seventh seed that had defied all expectation....
Sports  Konta defeated Caroline Wozniacki, 6-4, 6-3, to attain the highest ranking of her career at age 25, seizing an opportunity with Serena Williams sidelined....
Politics  The former national security adviser initially did not list income from companies linked to Russia on a financial disclosure form released by the Trump administration....
Sports  Despite the success of a new four-year contract for the American women’s team, players realize that more work is needed to be done to ensure a future for women’s hockey....
Sports  Qatar, which was eager to qualify for the 2018 World Cup before hosting the 2022 event, is last in its qualifying group after a loss to Uzbekistan....
Politics  A look at the personal wealth of top officials working for President Trump....
Sports  In the N.H.L., where the average salary is just over $2.95 million, players on entry-level contracts still have to share a room during trips....
Sports  Postconcussion symptoms ended Ian Laperriere’s playing career, but his fearlessness in the face of slap shots helps him as an assistant coach with the Philadelphia Flyers....
Sports  The Clippers moved within a game of the Utah Jazz for the No. 4 playoff seed in the Western Conference with a 115-104 win over the Lakers....
Politics  The worries about civilian casualties have grown as Iraqi forces push to take western Mosul from the Islamic State with the help of American and allied air power....
Sports  Morgan William’s game-winning shot for Mississippi State was a rousing moment of liberation for the women’s N.C.A.A. tournament....
World  A giant wall of water carrying tons of mud and debris swept through the city of Mocoa on Saturday after heavy rains caused the nearby river to overflow....
World  More than 100 gay men had been detained, the newspaper said. It said it had the names of three murder victims, and that it suspected many others had died in extrajudicial killings....
Sports  The Yankees, long a team that spent lavishly to field winners, are changing their way of doing business....
Sports  Hanyu, the reigning Olympic figure-skating champion, and Shoma Uno produced a one-two finish for Japan, and Jin Boyang of China finished third....
Sports  Casey Wasserman, chairman of LA2024, said that his city was the right one for the 2024 games but declined to match a Parisian official’s terms....
Sports  In modern youth baseball, the fundamentals are falling by the wayside in favor of flashier skills like big-league-style hitting and pitching....
World  The Supreme Court revised its decision to strip the legislature of its powers, but did not immediately publish the full ruling, leaving much unclear....
Politics  Three diplomats from the Obama era are part of a rare cohort: officials whose skills have helped them remain in an administration bent on erasing all signs of its predecessor....
Politics  Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump are walking on perilous legal and ethical ground, according to several prominent experts on the subject....
Sports  An interstate collapse in Atlanta made it all the harder for fans to reach the first game at the ballpark, in Cobb County....
World  When Hugo Chávez took power nearly 20 years ago, the leftist populism he championed was supposed to save democracy. Instead, it has done the opposite....
World  President Rodrigo Duterte suggested that 19 officers should plead guilty to avoid a long trial, saying, “I’ll tell the judge to pardon them all.”...
World  A human rights lawsuit over a 2008 attack in Haiti, a mysterious death and a decade-old killing cast a light on the government’s culture of impunity....
Politics  A proposed “border adjustment” tax is meeting furious opposition, threatening to jeopardize yet another signature legislative initiative....
World  Lawmakers in Britain and Gibraltar reject the idea that the union’s leaders might give Spain an effective veto over whether any deal applied to Gibraltar....
World  Scotland’s Nicola Sturgeon is moving, post-Brexit, toward a second independence referendum against the wishes of British Prime Minister Theresa May....
Fashion & Style  A love blossoms during their weekly “check-in,” which was a stroll around a local pond....
Fashion & Style  She is a foreign service officer, and he is a marine who guards embassies. They met at the airport in Ulan Bator, when he said, “Your badge is showing.”...
Real Estate  Getting rid of mice isn’t easy, but it’s a co-op board’s responsibility if a building becomes infested....
Music  The composer uses Andrew Gant’s book “Oh Sing Unto the Lord” to reflect on a long tradition of meditative music....
Technology  People always bad-mouth an update on Twitter, but this time it really was bad....
World  The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court cited the murder of two United Nations researchers and the discovery of 23 mass graves in the Kasaï region....
Fashion & Style  Chelsea and Jonah Peretti spend a morning at a museum, discussing BuzzFeed, “Get Out” and who tells better jokes. They teased each other a lot too....
Travel  For the author, this gleaming, complex city in British Columbia is “a rolling, improvisatory work in progress.”...
Travel  Where to eat, play and people-watch, from someone who lives there....
Sports  Play was shortened by darkness on Friday with 56 players still on the course after a late start caused by cleanup from a windstorm on Thursday....
Television  Seeking amusement after a tough week, sweetie darlings? “Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie” comes to HBO. “Red Dwarf,” the sci-fi comedy, is on BritBox....
Sports  A buzzer-beating jumper in overtime by Morgan William shocked the Huskies and sent the Bulldogs to the national championship game....
Sports  Mike McQueary’s lawyers will be paid $1.7 million for their work after he prevailed in a whistle-blower claim over his treatment by the university after Jerry Sandusky’s child molestation arrest....
Theater  Offerings include a matchmaker named Dolly (embodied by a little old diva named Bette), a musical about a shadow-spotting mammal and a new work from Annie Baker....
Sports  On a night when Carmelo Anthony, Derrick Rose and Lance Thomas did not play because of injuries, Kristaps Porzingis scored 22 points, and the Knicks led almost the entire game....
Sports  Sidney Crosby scored in the shootout as two playoff-bound teams fought as if the season depended on the outcome....
World  Protesters set fire to part of the Congress building after the Senate voted to amend the Constitution to allow President Horacio Cartes to seek re-election....
Sports  Federer outlasted Nick Kyrgios, 7-6 (9), 6-7 (9), 7-6 (5), to set up his third match this year against Nadal, his longtime rival....
Sports  Allisha Gray and A’Ja Wilson powered the Gamecocks, while the Cardinal’s star senior guard, Karlie Samuelson, missed much of the second half because of a sprained ankle....
Sports  The conference’s announcement came one day after the state replaced its so-called bathroom bill in a compromise....
Politics  A timeline for those who have not kept up with how the House Intelligence Committee’s investigation into Russian meddling is descending into a sideshow....
Theater  In this visually ravishing production, Bobby Cannavale steps into a part that has been waiting for him for decades....
Art & Design  Mr. Ziegler set his cartoons nearly anywhere — in courtrooms or boardrooms, backyards or stadiums, barrooms or churches....
Art & Design  Jack Ziegler’s satirical, silly and observational style enlivened more than 1,600 cartoons at The New Yorker....
Sports  Aloysius Gonzaga, who cared for plague victims in the 16th century, is the patron saint of youth. Now you know....
Politics  Remarks by the White House press secretary made it clear that President Trump has abandoned the goal of forcing President Bashar al-Assad of Syria from office....
Sports  Evgenia Medvedeva, 17, won her second figure skating world championship, but reaching the 2018 Olympics is contingent on the International Olympic Committee....
Politics  The president said two new executive orders would “set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing,” but they probably won’t make much difference....
Sports  For two decades, until 2013, North Carolina engaged in academic improprieties that benefited its student-athletes. The repercussions are still being felt....
World  A draft letter circulating among members of Congress seems to propose keeping much of the trade agreement in place....
Sports  Canadian players offered kind words during an American wage dispute, but the friendliness disappeared as the U.S. won, 2-0....
Sports  Howard Hobson, the coach when the Ducks won the 1939 N.C.A.A. title, tested the long-range shot during a scrimmage six years later. It took a while to catch on....
Sports  Woods announced on Friday that he was not ready for a tournament and did not give a timetable for his return....
Politics  The American Bar Association, which recently gave its highest rating to Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, will no longer evaluate candidates for the federal bench....
Politics  The Trump administration is releasing the financial disclosure forms from members of the White House staff. Follow along as we discover what they reveal....
Sports  The South Carolina coach has used his three weeks in the national spotlight to dispense wisdom acquired during a life spent seizing opportunities....
World  Matthew Pottinger, an ex-journalist, Marine and now an Asia adviser in the Trump administration, joins the president to meet with President Xi Jinping....
Books  The writer turns to nonfiction in “Somebody With a Little Hammer,” a formidable collection of essays, reviews and the like....
Fashion & Style  This is the first year that the British Fashion Council/Vogue Designer Fashion Fund award, announced on Tuesday, went to more than one label....
Politics  The Senate will face a blistering partisan conflict this week over the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and the chamber’s future rules....
Fashion & Style  What to buy before summer arrives....
Music  Julia Wolfe’s Pulitzer-winning choral work, “Anthracite Fields,” returns to its roots amid questions about the future of mining....
Television  Hank Azaria and Amanda Peet star in a series about a disgraced sportscaster starting over at the very bottom of his sport’s ladder....
Fashion & Style  In an unexpected move, the first lady chose an Italian brand when styling her role for posterity....
Music  The synth-pop band discusses how its adopted hometown and life on the road have influenced its sound as it prepares to release its fifth album....
Theater  She recalls the shattering morning after her Broadway debut, when a critic’s review left her skulking around Manhattan and avoiding eye contact on the street....
Food  Pasta with peas, a classic combination updated with farro spaghetti, makes for a quick springtime dinner....
Real Estate  Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City....
Real Estate  The space used by Clinton Kelly, a lifestyle guru on the panel of “The Chew,” as an office in an 11-story TriBeCa building is for sale....
Food  The chef plans a restaurant in the West Village where this food will be the focus and fresh....
Politics  Mr. Page, a businessman, met in 2013 with one of three Russians who were eventually charged with being undeclared officers with Russia’s foreign intelligence service....
World  In a criminal complaint filed in 2015 in federal court in Manhattan, the F.B.I. and prosecutors accused three Russians of working in the United States as spies. The documents show that the Russians tried to recruit a businessman who went on to adv...
World  Pirates waylaid four ships recently, raising fears that a new version of the menace that ran from 2008 to 2012 has returned to the Indian Ocean....
Food  Products and ideas surrounding eating, health and wellness that seem like a 1970s flashback (think turmeric and açai bowls) have gone mainstream....
Food  Co-op staples of the 1970s are now featured on the menus at some of the most innovative restaurants in the nation....
Real Estate  The developer, which owns Rockefeller Center and the Chrysler Building, is building a 620,000-square foot office tower....
World  Among the membership rolls of the Mar-a-Lago resort is a Chinese magnate who is a frequent critic of Beijing. It could make for an awkward topic as President Trump hosts President Xi Jinping there....
Politics  Ms. Rice denied wrongdoing after reports that she sought to learn the identities of associates of President Trump swept up in the electronic monitoring of foreigners....
Fashion & Style  The boutique in Greenpoint offers clothing by cool designers and other products from notable brands, all in a store with a neighborhood feel....
Economy  Jeffrey M. Lacker, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank in Richmond, said on Tuesday that he confirmed information about internal deliberations in a 2012 conversation....
World  Dr. Farida was working in Aleppo when government forces took control. She brought her story to the United States to seek humanitarian aid before returning to treat patients in rebel-held territory in northern Syria....
Fashion & Style  A selection of wedding day looks from brides recently featured in our announcements....
Theater  Elizabeth Marvel and Corey Stoll are among the initial cast members announced for the Public Theater’s Central Park season this summer....
Music  The banjoist Béla Fleck was atThe New York Times headquarters on Wednesday, April 5, to perform songs and answer audience questions at 4:30 p.m., Eastern time. Jon Pareles, chief pop music critic for The Times, will be in the room to ask those qu...
World  The confectioner’s move was likened to the so-called war on Christmas, which some conservatives have called a bid by secularists to play down the religious character of holidays....
Food  The latest from Claus Meyer and Fredrik Berselius, Japanese tasting menus in Midtown Manhattan, and other restaurant news....
Fashion & Style  The MoMA PS1 director prefers a window with a view over furniture or art....
Fashion & Style  The MoMA PS1 director lives in an all-white apartment with little décor....
Television  The late-night comedian will broadcast three episodes in June from a site overlooking the River Thames....
Health  A study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reinforced evidence that women infected in the first trimester were at greater risk of having babies with birth defects....
World  Victims in a deadly gas attack in northern Syria showed symptoms consistent with exposure to a nerve agent or some other deadly substance....
World  Boeing said the agreement to sell up to 60 737s, which requires U.S. government approval, would create 18,000 American jobs....
Fashion & Style  The rapper and regular player on “Mr. Robot” has arrived at a look that combines high and low....
Technology  The federal government announced fairly small changes to the work visa program. Tech companies are still waiting for more significant alterations....
Food  Mario Batali’s Greenwich Village perennial has kept its robust style but lost a bit of the old finesse....
Food  The pasta hits keep coming at Mario Batali’s restaurant in Greenwich Village....
Technology  Filters and other mail programs may be resorting your incoming Gmail messages out of your inbox and into the archived mail area....
World  President Wilson asked Congress to formally accept a state of war with Germany, in April 1917.
Science  Geologists have assembled a picture of the catastrophic destruction, hundreds of thousands of years ago, of a land bridge connecting England and the Continent....
Television  Comedy Central, looking to fill the 11:30 p.m. time slot open since it canceled Larry Wilmore’s show, turns to a Trevor Noah regular....
World  Bukit Brown, one of the world’s largest Chinese cemeteries, is at the center of a preservation effort in modernization-mad Singapore....
Economy  Geoengineering, providing methods to offset climate change by applying scientific fixes rather than changing old habits, may have found its moment....
World  The restrictions on Central European University, founded by the billionaire philanthropist, are seen as part of a wider crackdown....
World  The pacifist denomination is at the heart of a growing campaign to banish religious groups that compete with the Russian Orthodox Church....
Sports  The college athletics organization said the decision was made “reluctantly.”...
Sports  Romo was 78-49 in 13 seasons for the Cowboys. CBS said it was discussing Phil Simms’s future role with CBS Sports....
Fashion & Style  How the face of the brand became the symbol of its fall....
World  The holdings in Spain associated with Rifaat al-Assad, an uncle of the Syrian president, and his family, are worth about $736 million....
World  Dozens of people including children were killed in the assault, one of the worst atrocities in the Syria conflict since President Trump took office....
Books  In “An American Sickness,” Elisabeth Rosenthal writes about the “economic rules of the dysfunctional medical market.”...
Books  In “No One Cares About Crazy People,” Ron Powers shares the story of his two sons’s struggles with schizophrenia....
Travel  Tour operators and hotels have packages designed for taxpayers who want a break. Destinations include South Africa, Thailand and St. Lucia....
Television  Twitter has dropped the egg image that served as users’ default profile photo. Trevor Noah, the “Daily Show” host, doesn’t like what replaced it....
Sports  Lawsuits and court rulings have stripped one of Europe’s best-known teams, Steaua Bucharest, of its badge and its name, and divided the club’s fans....
Education  Computational thinking — approaching problems the way a programmer would — is captivating educators, from kindergarten teachers to college professors....
World  The teenage boy had seen things no child should ever witness. Now he would see his mother for the first time in six years....
Books  In “The Spider Network,” David Enrich tackles the Libor scandal, where crooked traders and bankers manipulated interest rates....
Politics  Deploying the filibuster now might please an energized liberal base, but Democrats could lose a weapon that would be more potent in a future Supreme Court fight....
Education  Not a computer whiz? Not a problem. Try these practice exam questions from Computer Science Principles....
Education  Just about everybody these days wants computing skills. To get some coding under your belt, there are options aplenty online, in college and at boot camps....
Travel  The Queen Mary 2 isn’t exactly a hub of gay culture. But that wasn’t going to stop me from trying to help my friend get lucky....
Sports  Previous defeat leading to present triumph was a common theme throughout the tournament, as the Tar Heels drew on their title heartbreak last year to get past Gonzaga....
World  Kyrgyz officials said Akbarzhon Dzhalilov, 22, was a member of the Uzbek minority in the southern city of Osh who had received Russian citizenship in 2011 through his father....
Politics  A case for (and against) a Democratic filibuster, Vice President Mike Pence’s dinner rule, and why a dystopian ’80s movie is newly relevant....
Travel  The restoration of an ancient Khmer temple is drawing adventurous tourists to a little-known corner of Southeast Asia....
Television  Eight years later, “Prison Break” is back — and as preposterous as ever. And Louis C.K. is at his best as he tackles 2017 in a new Netflix special....
Sports  With a strong second-half defensive effort, North Carolina claimed the sixth national title in its program’s history a year after a heartbreaking loss....
Sports  Abraham Almonte hit a tiebreaking single in a three-run ninth inning, rallying Cleveland....
Travel  An ancient Khmer temple’s restoration draws adventurous tourists to a little-known corner of Southeast Asia....
Fashion & Style  A hip-hop fashion statement that has little to do with the runways of Paris or Milan....
Technology  Republicans said the rules were unfair to broadband providers, while privacy experts said they could allow companies to sell personal data to advertisers....
Politics  The Justice Department said in a memo released to all U.S. attorneys last week: "It is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies."...
Theater  This mild-mannered musical adaptation of the famously divisive 2001 French film is unlikely to inspire similarly passionate responses....
World  Mr. Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, is the first Trump administration official to visit Baghdad, amid strain over his travel ban....
Politics  White House officials cited a scheduling conflict as the president skipped a tradition rife with the potential for embarrassment and, in a heavily Democratic city, a hostile crowd....
Movies  A judge said there was no “sufficient or compelling” reason to grant the request from the director, who fled the country in the 1970s after pleading guilty to unlawful sex with a 13-year-old....
World  The death of Maria Eduarda da Conceição, 13, added to the fear that violence and killings involving the police were spinning out of control....
Health  Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield blamed the uncertain future of the federal health care law and the ensuing market instability for its decision....
World  The administration told Congress on Monday that it had terminated United States funding of the United Nations Population Fund, which provides abortion counseling among other services....
Technology  As the application season opens for H-1B visas for foreign workers, the Trump administration warns tech companies they will face more scrutiny....
Sports  Syndergaard pitched six solid innings before being pulled with a sore finger in a win over the Braves, but it was the chills he felt taking the field that stuck with him afterward....
Sports  It’s a relatively new concept: Top players are bid on by teams, which are bound by a strict salary cap. The result can be formal, or frenetic....
Politics  Politicians on both sides are calling a proposal to cut funding to the National Institutes of Health by 18 percent seriously misguided....
Music  The founder of the Roland Corporation, Mr. Kakehashi made the beloved 808 drum machine and hundreds of other instruments....
Sports  With five games left in a desultory season, Anthony, who has two years left on his deal, continued Monday to offer clues about his future....
Technology  The announcement that legacy brands AOL and Yahoo would soon operate under the name Oath was met with bewilderment online....
Politics  A potential showdown over the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court has brought a peculiar Senate rule to the fore once again....
Television  The return of a founding partner makes members of the firm question what they’ve come to represent....
Sports  In 1997, everyone became a footnote to a player whose four victories in his first full season on the PGA Tour included a record win at the Masters....
Food  Little is known about the biblical king (some scholars even doubt his existence), but he had a ravenous appetite and access to foods from across the world....
Sports  The Mets defeated the Atlanta Braves 6-0....
Books  The storytelling movement has led to a book, which gathers 45 tales that attest to the startling variety and travails of human experience....
Science  An illustrated natural history book highlights the diversity of the world’s owls, from beloved species to rare, enigmatic ones....
Sports  Wilmer Flores was called out at the plate in the seventh inning, but the call was reversed, and the play ignited a six-run rally....
Health  The new director general of the World Health Organization, to be selected in May, will take over at a pivotal time....
Politics  After promising to work for free, President Trump sent a check for $78,333 to the interior secretary, who oversees the park service....
Health  Despite phone calls and in-person pleas from constituents, legislators fell three votes shy of the two-thirds majority needed to override Gov. Sam Brownback’s veto....
Fashion & Style  Night Fever, featuring vintage cocktails and a disco beat, opened in November around a photo exhibition on infamous 1970s clubs....
Sports  Ewing, who led the Hoyas to the 1984 national title, has served as an assistant coach for four N.B.A. teams since his retirement as a player in 2002....
Theater  Kate Hamill and Eric Tucker, the team behind 2014’s “Sense and Sensibility,” are back with a breathless “Vanity Fair” adaptation at the Pearl Theater....
Politics  With a mammoth task ahead, none of the 27 political appointees below the Treasury secretary in the department’s leadership have been confirmed....
Television  John Cena proposed marriage to Nikki Bella, and the Undertaker found the exit at the annual entertainment event....
Theater  After a lonely upbringing, Obi Abili made his way to acting. Now he’s winning raves off Broadway in the title role of “The Emperor Jones.”...
Sports  A New York City Council member alarmed by fan injuries from foul balls is preparing a bill that would force the netting to be extended at Yankee Stadium and Citi Field....
Sports  N.H.L. players have participated in every Olympics since 1998, but owners do not want to shut down the league for a few weeks to cater to the Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea....
Sports  The Tar Heels won a sloppy game against Gonzaga, pulling away in the final minutes to give Coach Roy Williams his third championship at U.N.C....
Science  Researchers wondered what happened to the calf carcass they’d left outside for scavengers. A badger buried it, they found — then built a home next door....
Television  A Middle East angle figures into this reboot of the Fox series that went off the air in 2009....
World  President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt got just what he was looking for: validation from an American president after the cold shoulder of the recent past....
Food  The German dining institution has closed after 113 years and a major effort by the noted chef Thomas Hauck....
Fashion & Style  Peter Manning, a clothing brand for men 5-foot-8 and under, has opened its first store in Manhattan....
Art & Design  “Art Design Chicago,” set for next year, is a joint effort of more than 40 organizations to put on more than two dozen shows....
Music  The six-time Grammy winner Steve Lillywhite selects music to sell at the restaurants alongside buckets of fried chicken....
Sports  John Higgins was harassed by fans for his performance in a game in which his bosses felt he performed well, illustrating referees’ often thankless task....
Fashion & Style  Venus Over Los Angeles held an opening for its current group show, “Concrete Island,” on March 11....
Politics  The president’s lawyers argue he is protected from being sued in state court while in office, while plaintiffs say the Clinton decision favors them....
World  Photographs and video show the devastation to the city of Mocoa and its people after rushing waters and mud claimed the lives of hundreds on Saturday....
World  Rights groups said the man, Robin Shahini, who had received an 18-year prison term on dubious charges, had been on a hunger strike....
Television  In his Netflix special “2017,” Louis C.K. examines the extremes before unexpectedly landing somewhere in between, whether the subject is abortion or sexual attraction....
Sports  Ms. Feeney was hired by the National League in 1977 and became the point person on scheduling before she retired in December....
Science  Researchers are studying the effects of antibiotic-resistant genes in the oceans....
Food  A luxurious Italian import, Golfera truffled mortadella, is now available in New York....
Food  The Modern at the Museum of Modern Art now serves cocktails and food in the sculpture garden....
World  A small boat was taken off the coast of Somalia, the second vessel seized in recent weeks by hijackers in the region....
Politics  The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch and sent it to the deeply divided full Senate....
Food  Rosés may break with tradition, but they are still kosher for Passover....
Technology  Concern among big advertisers that their material is being shown next to YouTube videos posted by extremists shows that every system has its weaknesses....
Food  The matzos and matzo chips from a Brooklyn company come in boxes bearing admonitions from mom....
Food  The Avocaderia in Industry City sells smoothies, salads and, yes, avocado toast....
Music  The rapper’s second-week streaming total for his new playlist is higher than his opening-week tally for his 2016 album “Views.”...
Politics  Democrats and Republicans alike have offered inaccurate talking points to defend their positions on the Supreme Court nomination....
Food  Bleuberet Artisanal Foods now sells four jams made with wild blueberries from New England....
World  The newspaper, Norte, said that the three killings of reporters in March showed that journalism had become a high-risk profession....
Sports  The International Association of Athletics Federations, track and field’s governing body, blamed the Russian cyberespionage group Fancy Bear for the attack....
Technology  If you publish the wrong photo to your timeline, you can delete it and substitute the right picture without losing comments and reactions....
Science  Microbes can survive in outer space, but are harmed by the ultraviolet radiation found beyond the ozone layer....
Sports  Can the Celtics beat the Cavaliers in a playoff series this year? Well, how about on Wednesday night in Boston?...
Politics  The case concerns the Jordan-based Arab Bank, which is accused of processing financial transactions through a branch in New York for groups linked to terrorism....
Science  A century or so of evolution may have allowed tiny acorn ants to thrive in a warm, urban environment....
Politics  The president seized on reports in conservative news outlets to bolster his case that he was targeted for surveillance by his predecessor for political reasons....
World  A group wants to take a page from President Trump’s “America First” script and protect Chinese workers from layoffs and foreign competition....
Food  Start with two new baking recipes from Yotam Ottolenghi, and move into a crab Newburg or a classic tuna-salad sandwich....
World  A blast near a subway station in St. Petersburg killed several people on Monday afternoon....
Television  “The President Show,” hosted by Anthony Atamanuik, will debut on April 27, appearing on Thursdays following “The Daily Show.”...
Books  Stephanie Powell Watts’s novel “No One Is Coming to Save Us” is a recasting of “Gatsby” that traces a North Carolina family’s fortunes....
World  The 17-year-old was set upon by a mob of about 20 people and suffered a fractured skull and a blood clot in the brain. Five people have been charged....
World  The popular new German Football Museum in Dortmund celebrates the sport but also portrays dark chapters in the nation’s modern history....
Food  Easter and Passover: two vastly different — or are they? — spring holidays, and meals....
World  There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but speculation turned to militants who fled the shoot-to-kill law enforcement policy in the Caucasus and joined ISIS....
World  A member of the British Parliament wrote about the inner workings of politics in April 1892.
Education  Paul Mihailidis, director of a new graduate program on civic media at Emerson College, answers questions about news literacy....
Education  To one side, free speech is paramount. To the other, inclusivity is. To a professor caught in the middle, there’s a bridge....
World  Japan’s foreign minister said the ambassador would return to South Korea three months after he was ordered home. He cited the need to cooperate on North Korea....
World  An ad for the bomb-boosting isotope lithium 6 suggests how far the North’s nuclear program has come, and how difficult President Trump’s vow to halt it will be....
World  When the nearby border entry closed in 2002, Boquillas del Carmen in Mexico was virtually abandoned. Since reopening in 2012, the town has once again become a tourist attraction, but the proposed border wall could pose a threat....
Politics  Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s Supreme Court confirmation could come this week, but the words of Senator Patrick J. Leahy indicate a deep partisan split in the chamber....
Books  In “The Rules Do Not Apply,” Ariel Levy recounts how a tragedy upended her assumptions about life....
Sports  The team beat the Flyers and reached 100 points in a third straight season for the second time in franchise history....
Television  Players steal balls and hearts on “Meow Madness.” And “Abortion: Stories Women Tell” visits a state with some of the country’s strictest regulations....
Sports  The defending champion Cubs tied the score in the eighth after trailing by 3-0, but St. Louis’s Randal Grichuk drove in a game-ending run in the ninth....
Sports  Keselowski got past Kyle Busch with 43 laps left in Nascar’s STP 500 and cruised to his second win in the season’s first six races....
Technology  It’s about context. Google engineers are trying to teach machines to recognize what can be offensive or inoffensive depending on the situation....
Fashion & Style  The “Hamilton” actress would rather look “natural and fresh” than made up. But there are a few products she loves....
Fashion & Style  The former bouncer and current action hero decided to make himself a movie star after Hollywood didn’t give him a chance....
Television  “The Walking Dead” wrapped up Season 7 with a well-paced episode that kicked off a new phase of the story....
Sports  Thompson was penalized after the 12th hole of the ANA Inspiration’s final round when a TV viewer informed rules officials about a third-round infraction....
Television  Joan Crawford wasn’t nominated for an Oscar in 1963. But she made sure she accepted one anyway....
Television  Unlike most cinematic portrayals of Wall Street, “Billions” again demonstrates its willingness to make its characters revolting....
World  A win for Mr. Moreno, a former vice president and close ally of departing President Rafael Correa, would be a rare victory for the Latin American left....
Theater  This knockabout farce from London trades on the perverse comfort of watching things go smash in a safe, contained environment....
Television  Sunday’s series finale delivered a verdict. But judgment — that we got from beginning to end....
Television  Did you happen to notice how much of the show was about one character trying to get another to say something? Dar and Max, Carrie and Quinn. Saul and everyone....
Sports  Coach Brad Stevens and the top executive Danny Ainge have turned a mediocre franchise into a playoff contender. The Knicks should watch and learn....
Politics  As cash has flooded Washington from a variety of groups, even the anti-establishment activists and operatives who sided with President Trump have been enriched....
Politics  Joe Donnelly of Indiana is the third Senate Democrat to back Neil M. Gorsuch, but Republicans are still five Democratic votes short of breaking any filibuster....
Sports  Tar Heels Coach Roy Williams drills it into his players: box out. It played a key role late in a Final Four victory over Oregon. Now comes Gonzaga, another rebounding power....
Sports  Federer won the Miami Open by beating Rafael Nadal for the third time in three months. To stay fresh, he plans a break before the French Open....
Sports  As South Carolina won its first women’s basketball title, Dawn Staley became the second African-American coach to win a title since the N.C.A.A. began sponsoring a women’s tournament in 1982....
Sports  Rose, an impending free agent, has a torn meniscus in his left knee and will miss the final five games of the season....
World  The idea, analysts say, is to demoralize President Bashar al-Assad’s foes, showing them that their cause is hopeless and that no one will come to their aid....
Politics  Under intense pressure from President Trump to revive legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act, House Republicans added a fund to help insurers pay the most expensive claims....
World  As the Tibetan leader drew closer to his destination, a holy site in India, he was trailed by questions of who will succeed him and ominous warnings from China....
Politics  After the chemical attack in Syria, President Trump said Bashar al-Assad’s actions cross “many, many lines.” Peter Baker, the Times's chief White House correspondent, talks about what will happen next....
Movies  The director discusses a sequence from his film featuring Emma Watson and Kevin Kline....
Movies  The director Bill Condon narrates a scene from his film featuring Emma Watson and Kevin Kline....
Health  Lifting an earlier moratorium, the agency said the company could report the risks for 10 diseases under certain controls....
Theater  Michael McKeever’s play, a Primary Stages production at the Cherry Lane Theater, is possibly the first gay marriage tragedy....
Books  Suggested reading from critics and editors at The New York Times....
Movies  A New York teenager in low-income housing tries to establish a relationship with a young woman as he wrestles with his sanguinary pursuits....
Technology  Twitter said it had a received a summons to reveal the owner of a so-called alt-account, whose owners say they are dissident current or former government workers....
Technology  The company is seeking to block the Trump administration from forcing it to reveal the identity of a user who has been critical of the Homeland Security Department....
Movies  Stephen Karam’s film adaptation of his own play is a comedy about students who don’t quite fit in but insist, in their clumsy way, on being heard....
Real Estate  The neoclassical brick rowhouse in the West Village has many of its original details, as well as several appealing alterations....
Food  Nearly ever room in this neoclassical brick rowhouse is a cabinet of curiosities....
Movies  The New York Times film critics review “Going in Style,” “Colossal” and “Graduation."...
Movies  Michael Caine, Alan Arkin and Morgan Freeman star in a comedy about old dudes who rob a bank, a remake of a 1979 movie....
Art & Design  A show at Cooper Hewitt about American design in the 1920s gets its punch from works that exemplify an art movement that goes unmentioned....
Movies  Manohla Dargis reviews Makoto Shinkai’s latest film, a lovely and touching Japanese animation in which teenagers find themselves trading bodies and lives....
Science  Unlike other organisms, coleoid cephalopods make extensive use of RNA editing, which could slow their evolution but may make their behavior more complex than other invertebrates....
Movies  Gemma Arterton stars in this World War II drama about a screenwriter who’s hired to create uplift and propaganda. From the director of “An Education.”...
Movies  Nicole Kidman plays Gertrude Bell, the British adventurer, archaeologist and linguist who has been labeled the female Lawrence of Arabia....
Food  Gangsta Garden, a community garden in South Los Angeles founded by Ron Finley, has turned to business leaders from Newman’s Own Organics and Annie’s Homemade to save its land....
Books  Joyce Johnson’s “Minor Characters” is among the great American literary memoirs....
Movies  An excruciating ethical problem arises for a man whose dream for his daughter — to win a scholarship to study in England — is threatened....
World  What is sarin, the banned poison that was used in a chemical weapons attack in Syria?...
Art & Design  Our guide to new art shows, and some that will be closing soon....
World  The Justice Ministry declared the image of the Russian president wearing lipstick, eye shadow and false eyelashes to be “extremist.”...
Movies  Our guide to film series and special screenings....
Sports  As the Yankees embrace a long-awaited youth movement, the opening series was a struggle for first baseman Greg Bird and catcher Gary Sanchez....
Music  Leading his Munich Philharmonic in two concerts at Carnegie Hall, this Russian maestro was more stylistically successful in French music and Mahler....
Music  Our guide to the city’s best classical music and opera....
World  One Syrian man said he lost at least 25 members of his extended family in the chemical attack on Tuesday, including his wife and twins....
Art & Design  Collages of images and objects from Ken Tisa, Dara Friedman’s fusion of filmmaking forms, Albert Oehlen’s “Trees” series and Matt Hoyt’s fossil-like sculptures....
Music  Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz....
Sports  As the regular season comes to an end, there is still plenty to be resolved before the playoffs begin on Wednesday....
Technology  The new round of financing gave Lyft a boost, which has been trying to capitalize on the stumbles of its opponent Uber....
Theater  Previews, openings and some last-chance picks....
Fashion & Style  From 1982 to 2015, the former TV host made more than 6,000 late night shows. Don Giller has recordings of all but two....
World  Philippe Poutou, a no-hope candidate with a brutal anti-corruption message, was being hailed by some as the winner of a marathon presidential debate....
Health  High-risk strains of the virus — a cause of cervical and vaginal cancers, and cancer of the penis — infect 25.1 percent of men and 20.4 percent of women....
Movies  In Nacho Vigalondo’s film, two childhood friends drink, talk about life and bring their inner resentments to a scary boil....
Art & Design  The gallery plans to use the East 69th Street space for private viewings, special projects and one to two focused historical exhibitions a year....
Fashion & Style  Galas were held all over New York City, to benefit the Joyce Foundation, the Brooklyn Museum, the New Museum and the Paris Review....
Fashion & Style  Galas were held to benefit the Joyce Theater Foundation, the Brooklyn Museum, the New Museum and the Paris Review....
World  The strike was in response to the Syrian government’s chemical weapons attack this week....
Food  The rising level of quality in the wines is lifting even the less exalted areas of the region....
Politics  After the judicial filibuster was put to rest, senators on both sides talked about finding common ground to prove that the chamber still functioned....
Sports  After beating the 57th-ranked men’s player, Reanne Evans is two wins from becoming the first woman to make the main draw of the world snooker championship....
Technology  People love to hate online adds, particularly the automated kind dropped into websites or videos. But proponents say critics are overstating the issues....
Television  For over half a century, Mr. Rickles made outrageously derisive comments about people’s looks, their ethnicity or anything else he could think of....
Sports  Durant, out with a knee injury since Feb. 28, can practice on Friday and is expected to play on Saturday against New Orleans....
Fashion & Style  Also, sharing news of a tattoo, who pays for tickets freed by same-day sickness, and how to explain a very significant other....
Sports  Johnson, the world’s top-ranked golfer, sustained a lower back injury in a fall down the stairs of his rental home near the course Wednesday....
Theater  “Building the Wall,” written by Robert Schenkkan (“All the Way”), is having a few productions around the country before playing Off Broadway in May....
Food  Mei Lee, the owner of the small, plain-spoken restaurant, extracts magic from a simple turnip, while making art of homey dishes....
Food  Home-style Taiwanese cooking, full of secrets, at this small restaurant in Bayside, Queens....
Food  As happy hour gives way to angry politics, the business plans to donate proceeds to groups like Planned Parenthood....
World  The country’s newly elected leader, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, offered an amnesty to any militants who surrendered within 60 days....
Movies  A young math prodigy and her strong bond with her uncle are tested when a debate arises over whether to cultivate her abilities or let her be a child....
World  The step was a significant departure from President Rodrigo Duterte’s previous policy of not antagonizing China, which claims most of the sea....
Books  New picture books for National Poetry Month about animals, Hispanic heroes and the Harlem Renaissance....
Fashion & Style  Matthew Henson, a former fashion editor, is making his name as a celebrity stylist. Now if only his parents could figure out what he does for a living....
World  The heavily debated case pit the rights of parents to raise their children as they see fit against stiff truancy laws in a nation where school attendance is compulsory....
Movies  In this drama, Dan Stevens is exceptional as a blind man who is less than happy with what he sees after his sight is restored....
Sports  “The first 72 hours is important,” one influential youth coach says as Ewing, a legend at Georgetown for what he did on the court, starts trying to revive the Hoyas....
World  The executions, though not said to be linked to the recent assassination of a top Hamas commander, took place during an intense hunt for collaborators....
Sports  For the first time since 2006, Palmer was not alongside Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player for the ceremonial tee shots at Augusta National Golf Club....
World  Rapid development without planning draws the region’s most vulnerable people to areas that are the most prone to devastating flooding....
Technology  Closing browser tabs or shutting down the whole browser app can stifle that annoying pop-up that won’t leave the screen....
Movies  The documentarian is one of the greatest directors working today. A complete career retrospective opens in New York April 14....
Fashion & Style  Shortly before a deadline, both sides agreed to prolong discussions, a day after employees staged a walkout for the first time in 15 years....
Art & Design  The former director of the Brooklyn Museum said people called one work his “autobiography” — when it’s viewed from different angles, words like “neurotic” appear....
Art & Design  Almost 100 Native American works from the collection of Charles and Valerie Diker, one of the best in private hands, are promised to the Metropolitan Museum of Art....
World  The statement by the Turkish Health Ministry, which conducted preliminary tests on the victims, is the most specific to point to the cause of death in the Tuesday attack....
World  The group had wanted to open an office in Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese city where journalists say press freedom is deteriorating....
Politics  Democrats filibustered the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch and Republicans voted to change Senate rules to bypass the filibuster....
Politics  House Speaker Paul D. Ryan on Thursday said he supported the decision by Representative Devin Nunes, the the Intelligence Committee chairman who is now the subject of an ethics probe, to step aside from leading the House investigation into Russian...
Science  While studying an artificial reef made from a sunken ship, researchers found a mollusk that may never have been seen before. It could threaten coral in the Florida Keys....
Movies  A closer look at the elements that make this documentary filmmaker's work come to life....
Politics  Mr. Nunes, the Intelligence Committee chairman, said his decision came after “left-wing activist groups” filed accusations against him with the Office of Congressional Ethics....
World  Members of a unit struggling to curb the jungle’s destruction include an environmental activist, an Arctic oceanographer and a science teacher....
Science  An archaeologist’s fascination with the nutritional value of humans aims to understand the complexities of early relatives of our species....
World  The news added to an already tense atmosphere the second-biggest city in Russia, which until Monday had been spared from any major terrorist attacks....
World  Regardless of their sexual orientation, many in the Netherlands rallied in defense of two men who described being targeted by youths in the city of Arnhem....
Art & Design  It’s a giant financial gamble for art’s king of controversy, who is trying for a comeback....
Theater  Melissa Errico is comforted to find that theater aficionados are interested in the lows as well as the highs of a stage career....
Art & Design  An exhibition at the New York Public Library’s Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem chronicles the history of a dynamic movement....
Education  And what you can do about it....
Sports  College hockey’s premier event is headed to the home turf of Robert Morris University Illinois, which has become a power in its own right....
Books  Vivek Shanbhag’s “Ghachar Ghochar” is the first novel translated into English from an Indian language spoken by 40 million people and published here....
Television  Trevor Noah’s team capped off its March Madness spoof....
Education  Taking a break from college to surf, wash dishes and, most important, break away from Mom and Dad....
Politics  The president’s protectors are underresourced and morale is low, and the globe-trotting Trumps are placing ever greater demands on them....
Education  The New York Times asked readers who took a year off from college to share their experiences. Here’s what they said....
Politics  President Trump planned to sign an executive order targeting steel dumping, a measure aimed at China and a potential victory for his hard-line advisers....
Travel  The chairman of Ferragamo USA recommends winery visits, hiking and biking, and beach time. (He also likes winter. No crowds.)...
Travel  Recovered from its economic woes, the mythological birthplace of Aphrodite is solvent again and undergoing a rebirth of its own....
Education  How, when and where to ask for a year off from college....
Real Estate  A Washington area transplant working in information technology finds a sweet spot along the J/M/Z subway line....
Books  The author of “Tuesdays With Morrie” and, most recently, “The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto” avoids “grim, angst-ridden, navel-gazing books and horror. Enough of that in the real world.”...
Politics  In bypassing a filibuster, Republicans abandoned long-held practices and will be able to confirm President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Neil M. Gorsuch, with a simple majority vote....
Sports  A 114-91 victory over the Celtics showed that Cleveland remains fearsome, after many ups and downs this season....
World  Our reporter Patrick Kingsley describes the source of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's popularity in this last installment of our State of Emergency series....
Television  “Jordskott,” a moody Scandinavian thriller with yet another stoic female police officer, debuts on Shudder. And “The BFG” lumbers its way onto Netflix....
Sports  There will never be another Arnold Palmer. But many of his endearing qualities can be found in the men competing at the Masters. Together they form golf’s composite King....
Sports  LeBron James’s 36 points helped Cleveland win on the road, 114-91, and take a one-game lead over Boston with four games to play....
Sports  Pineda allowed a leadoff homer and continued to struggle in the second inning as the Yankees dropped their first series of the season....
Travel  Until recently, specialty brewing was more of a downtown thing. But with a crop of ambitious cafes, there is hope....
Fashion & Style  The defining sartorial style of the 2010s has begun to emerge....
Fashion & Style  A new book has stories of bees on the loose at President Barack Obama’s birthday party, “molecular” topiaries for Angela Merkel and more....
Fashion & Style  Full-length skirts and high necklines are becoming a common sight in fashion collections....
Sports  After an injury-marred 2016, deGrom hit 98 m.p.h. with his fastball in his first start of 2017. But eventually he did leave the game, and the Mets lost in the 12th....
Sports  James L. Dolan told Deadspin that he confronted the fan on Tuesday night after the fan shouted at him to sell the Knicks....
World  One of the worst chemical attacks in the Syrian civil war occurred on Tuesday in opposition-held Idlib Province. Dozens of people died, including children. Then the blaming began....
Science  Standing with a reusable booster and a model of a capsule for carrying humans into space, the billionaire disclosed that he had been financing his rocket company by selling shares in his company....
Theater  A bouncy revival of a Noël Coward classic re-establishes the Tony-winning Mr. Kline as one of the great physical comedians....
Theater  Harvey Fierstein stars in Martin Sherman’s poignant new play about the relationship between a young Londoner and an American expat....
Politics  The president discussed infrastructure, taxes and health care, and his opinions on the Fox News host Bill O’Reilly and the former national security adviser Susan E. Rice....
Politics  Describing the plan as a legislative sweetener, the president refused to say whether it would include two New York City projects that his budget for next year would defund....
Politics  Several books focus on President Trump’s business acumen, the first lady’s career as a model, and the childhood of members of the first family....
Politics  Presidential biographies aimed at young readers hit bookshelves every four years. But the latest round has posed a unique set of challenges....
World  La Meute started a year and a half ago in Quebec to oppose what it calls “invasive political Islam.” Now, its social media campaign has more than 50,000 followers....
Music  The song was the only Top 40 hit for her group, Rosie and the Originals, but it was covered by John Lennon, Linda Ronstadt and others....
Politics  Conservative groups moved quickly to shift the blame for the failure of a promise to repeal the Affordable Care Act onto some not-as-conservative Republicans....
Sports  A 43-year-old fan favorite, now with the Braves, could have helped a team that has suddenly lost its vaunted pitching depth....
Sports  Amaro, a superb fielder, won a Gold Glove at shortstop for a team that endured one of baseball’s most stunning collapses....
Politics  It was the eve of an expected Democratic filibuster of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court, and a likely rule change by Republicans to bypass the filibuster....
Sports  After losses to the United States and Finland, Canada routed Russia to squeak into the semifinals. It faces the Finns again, with high expectations....
World  Their meeting, which centered around the issue of school choice, was meant to cast a softer lens on the Trump administration....
Sports  The world’s top-ranked golfer slipped on a set of stairs in the house he is renting for the Masters. He landed “very hard” on his back, his agent said....
Art & Design  A major contemporary exhibition is leaving Germany for the first time, using culture to call attention to the crises facing Europe....
Sports  Day, a former No. 1 player who has had to deal with a back injury and his mother’s illness, has few external expectations this year at Augusta....
World  The decision was cheered by commercial rhino breeders but condemned by animal preservation groups, which warned that it could increase poaching....
Music  Known for his intense guitar solos and his raspy but strong singing voice, Mr. Brooks said the blues didn’t come naturally to him at first....
Politics  Democrats tried to raise doubts that Dr. Scott Gottlieb could be objective, but unless damaging new information turns up, he appears to be headed for confirmation....
Sports  Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City team lost to Chelsea for the second time this season, this time by 2-1, putting Antonio Conte’s Blues on the verge of the Premier League title....
Movies  This low-key drama, in which a dying actor tries to find a home for his dog, may largely sidestep easy sentiment, but it is not as sensitive as it first appears....
World  In this week’s newsletter, a Sydney professor returns from confinement in China, Australia struggles with race, and we ask readers: How should we cover food in Oz?...
Fashion & Style  At this retail intermediary on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, you never know which rookies will catch on....
Movies  Mick Rock, the British photographer with the cool name and starry portfolio (Blondie, Lou Reed, David Bowie) is the subject of a new documentary....
Books  In this new book by Laura Kipnis, the author addresses her dismay over the intersection between free speech and sensitivity issues at universities....
Fashion & Style  Celebrate Earth Month at Bloomingdale’s, meet and greet designers at Goodman’s Men’s Store, and more....
Politics  Republicans are threatening to “go nuclear” if Democrats filibuster Neil M. Gorsuch’s confirmation to the Supreme Court. It’s a term meant to evoke horror, because it would turn the Senate from a debate-friendly body into a more partisan c...
Music  Plush folk-rock cushions dire thoughts on the singer and songwriter Joshua Tillman’s third album, “Pure Comedy,” as Misty....
Food  The Australian city may not seem to rank as a top food destinations, but its marketing offensive was first-rate....
Fashion & Style  Male models strut their stuff at the 14th annual Jeffrey Fashion Cares fund-raiser....
World  The available evidence contradicts much of what the Russian government has said about a toxic attack that killed more than 100 people....
Fashion & Style  Don’t forget the bridesmaids, groomsmen and parents. Here are ways to make them feel special, too....
Politics  The Trump administration’s few, and seemingly conflicting, pronouncements have made the United States’ strategy and goals unclear as the Chinese president’s visit nears....
Fashion & Style  Sometimes all you want is a classic shoe to get you through the workday and into the evening....
Your Money  An analysis finds disparity in auto insurance prices in four states that differences in risks could not explain....
Politics  Instead of “a wall from sea to shining sea,” John F. Kelly, the department’s secretary, told senators that barriers would be built in places that made sense....
World  The president’s daughter is an adored role model for young professionals in Beijing. Analysts say her popularity may help ease international tensions....
Fashion & Style  Céline Semaan, born in Beirut, designs and sells products that raise awareness around issues such as the plight of refugees or the threat of global warming....
Movies  In Walter Hill’s film, a revenge plot is set in motion after a hit man, played by Michelle Rodriguez, undergoes a forced gender reassignment surgery....
Fashion & Style  Who can’t use a little lift to pull her out of the winter blahs? Think lots and lots of color....
Movies  A filmmaker turns the camera on her yearlong relationship with a would-be performance artist. Neither one seems to be good dating material....
Politics  President Trump spoke about the recent chemical attack in Syria during a news conference with King Abdullah of Jordan on Wednesday. “That attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me,” he said....
Fashion & Style  Male models strut their stuff at the 14th annual Jeffrey Fashion Cares fund-raiser....
Sports  Bryan Bickell returned to the N.H.L. after five months, and is believed to be the third person to play in the N.H.L. with multiple sclerosis....
Fashion & Style  How a style originating in the Woodstock era became a part of the ever-evolving retail cycle....
World  The Chinese Communist Party traditionally holds golf, which Mao once called a “sport for millionaires,” in high contempt....
Economy  Officials discussed the change at the Fed’s most recent meeting in March, according to an official account of the talks. No decision was reached about the timing or the details of the move....
Politics  Twice in a week, people close to President Trump have praised the blogger, YouTube personality and author....
Theater  We recently discussed stagecraft and statecraft with the authors of past, current and coming plays....
Sports  Sergio García and Justin Rose share the lead heading into the final round of the Masters on Sunday, with Rickie Fowler and Jordan Spieth lurking behind them....
World  Mr. Trump declined to elaborate what he would do to respond to the attacks during a joint news conference with King Abdullah of Jordan in the Rose Garden....
Science  Scientists compiling a record of the atmosphere based on air trapped in Antarctic ice found that rising carbon dioxide has accelerated plant growth....
Politics  Ethics experts say Donald J. Trump’s visits to properties owned, managed or branded by the Trump Organization amount to free publicity for the company and blur the line between his family business and presidential duties....
Technology  The social media company hoped the case could establish a right to push back against law enforcement requests for information....
Music  This delightful duo is releasing its first full-length album, “Swear I’m Good at This,” specializing in pithy, super-specific lyrics....
Politics  In an interview, President Trump said Ms. Rice, a former national security adviser, may have sought the identities of Trump associates who were mentioned on intercepted communications....
World  The agreement was reached at peace talks in the Netherlands, two months after guerrillas killed three soldiers and nearly derailed the process....
Science  Scientists know that dolphins eat octopus, but until now they had not documented how they managed to eat such a dangerous meal....
Art & Design  A court has allowed the right-wing government to merge the museum, in Gdansk, with a smaller and more nationalistic institution that has yet to open....
Politics  President Trump removed Stephen Bannon from a top National Security Council post in a move directed by his national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster....
Technology  If you don’t want to use an online backup service while traveling, you have several lightweight options for saving copies of your trip pictures....
Politics  The shift, orchestrated by Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, will also restore the positions of senior military and intelligence officials who had been downgraded....
Fashion & Style  16 Noteworthy Watches From Baselworld 2017...
Technology  While apps like Google Maps provide accurate traffic information, dedicated car-GPS devices do have some advantages....
Music  The set is the first time a Beatles album has been remixed and expanded since 2003....
Food  The New York restaurant rises to first place from third in the 2017 rankings by hundreds of judges....
Technology  Lawmakers’ decision to overturn online privacy rules has many users weighing the pros and cons of these virtual tunnels....
Movies  For parents of some children, the film sends an unsettling message about the limits of love, and it’s not alone. Kids’ movies are a minefield....
World  The explosion on the outskirts of the capital of Punjab Province killed four army soldiers, one air force member and a civilian, and it wounded at least 17....
World  In six years of war, President Bashar al-Assad of Syria has overseen a campaign of carnage, using both the most modern means and ancient tactics against his people....
Food  Kombucha at Walmart and $18 avocado toast at a mainline Manhattan restaurant: Maybe they’re onto something....
Music  The singer-songwriter, whose new album is “Pleasure,” rejected a kind of fame that did not suit her for a more intimate version that she created....
World  A jury found Miguel Ángel Muñoz Blas guilty of killing Denise Thiem while she was on the Camino de Santiago in 2015. Prosecutors are seeking a 25-year sentence....
Real Estate  Once the home of tycoons and Titanic survivors, the village is now home to about 300 families....
World  The turnaround will be driven in part by the fact that the world’s Christian population is relatively old, while the Muslim population is younger and concentrated in regions with high fertility rates....
Sports  The deal, which runs through 2021, guarantees the players improved pay and bonuses, but not the equal pay with the men’s team they had sought....
Politics  Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, held forth on the Senate floor for more than 15 hours in a preview of sorts of the filibuster over Judge Neil M. Gorsuch....
Theater  Derek DelGaudio delivers a magical examination of identity and perception at the Daryl Roth Theater. The music is by Mark Mothersbaugh of Devo....
Art & Design  The Slovakian artist and filmmaker brings his cinéma vérité video work of Central Europe’s refugee crisis to New York....
World  Despite a show of unity, tensions in the country’s governing party have been laid bare after the president’s firing of a respected finance minister....
Television  The thriller picks up nine weeks after a wasp-filled cataclysm and introduces Dennis Quaid to a cast of characters facing environmental catastrophe....
Real Estate  A Victorian condominium in San Francisco; a 1958 colonial in Falmouth, Mass.; and a brick-and-stone house in University Park, Tex....
Real Estate  A Victorian condominium in San Francisco; a 1958 colonial in Falmouth, Mass.; and a brick-and-stone house in University Park, Tex....
Real Estate  In Belgium, home prices are up and agents say sales are better than ever — despite the recent global recession and terrorist attacks....
Real Estate  A 13th-century house in the center of Bruges, renovated for today....
World  Darulaman Palace in Kabul has been ruined by four decades of war, but a reconstruction project is underway, with no foreign help....
Music  Both songwriters pass through New York: Ms. Rogers, with folksy electronics, and Ms. Rubinos, with eclectic grooves....
Music  Lars Vogt will play Bach’s “Goldberg” Variations; Wu Man, who plays the Chinese lute, also performs....
World  A mob of about 200 vigilantes surrounded six vehicles carrying cattle and pulled out five men, apparently Muslim, an official said....
World  Ms. Haley, the American ambassador to the United Nations, told fellow Security Council members their lack of unity on Syria might mean “we are compelled to take our own action.”...
Books  Three artful new books shine a light on the comical, comforting and unsettling world after dark....
World  The dead included a famous doll maker and a beloved wrestling coach. The toll has risen to 14, with more than 60 injured....
Politics  Some considered Obama-era rules about military strikes to be micromanaging, but the new command style may increase the potential for civilian casualties....
Travel  Deepak Chopra has some advice: Improve air circulation (open a window), make sure the bedspread has been laundered and resist in-room snacks....
Television  Louis C.K. reminded the “Late Show” host that before he was the “king of the late-night” shows, he was just a quirky guy....
Education  Lexington, Mass., is fighting the joy-killing, suicide-inducing performance anxiety so prevalent in turbocharged high schools. It has not been easy....
Travel  An angling Grand Slam entails catching the coveted bonefish, permit and tarpon in the same fishery on the same day or trip. This is one attempt....
World  Our reporters went to South Sudan and found that the world’s newest nation has not turned out the way it was supposed to....
Education  Seeking serenity in the pressure-cooker atmosphere of a Massachusetts high school....
Real Estate  Once the home of tycoons and Titanic survivors, the village is now home to about 300 families....
Sports  The Winter Olympics had their problems even before the National Hockey League decided to bolt the 2018 Games....
Music  With her art form in crisis, the soprano prepares for a poignant goodbye at the Met. But she has a second act in mind....
Books  In Emma Donoghue’s first children’s book, “The Lotterys Plus One,” gay parents and their home-schooled brood try to make room for a grumpy grandpa....
Politics  As Republicans prepare to eliminate the filibuster for judicial and cabinet nominees, senators are forced to consider if the next step would be abolishing the power to filibuster legislation....
Education  Martin E.P. Seligman, professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania, suggests how to cultivate a better you....
Technology  It’s easy to hate digital ads, especially the personalized ads that follow you across the internet. But they’re creating a more efficient advertising market....
World  The 11 candidates jabbed, shouted and talked over one another, competing for the roughly 35 percent of the electorate who have yet to make up their minds....
World  President Xi Jinping’s visit could lift his stature at home in China, but it also poses significant risks, as contentious issues like North Korea and trade loom large....
World  The National Front is recasting itself as a defender of Jews — which could give voters license to embrace its anti-immigrant views....
Television  Hank Azaria and Amanda Peet play raunchy as a baseball announcer and a team owner in “Brockmire.” And “Archer” blasts to the past....
Sports  No Derrick Rose or Kristaps Porzingis? No problem for an overachieving lineup that dominated a playoff contender....
Sports  Justin Verlander had 10 strikeouts as Detroit ruined Rick Renteria’s debut as the Chicago White Sox’ manager in a 6-3 victory....
Travel  The Lafayette Escadrille Memorial near Paris is a tribute to pilots who were killed flying for France....
Sports  Torreyes hit a two-run homer in the third inning, C.C. Sabathia had an impressive start, and the Yankees earned their first win of the season by shutting out the Rays....
Television  Philip’s existential crisis reached what looked like a tipping point this week....
World  The City Council of North Bay, Ontario, abandoned a plan to move the house to a community with no direct connection to the Dionne quintuplets’ story....
World  Former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, with her son and daughter, faces corruption-related charges that carry prison terms of up to 10 years....
Sports  Westbrook clinched his 41st triple-double early in the third quarter against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday....
Politics  President Trump criticized his predecessor for not intervening more aggressively in Syria’s civil war, but over the years, Mr. Trump has advocated doing “nothing.”...
Politics  Where other American presidents might have used the gas attack in Syria to call for the departure of Bashar al-Assad, Mr. Trump’s spokesman dismissed the notion as impractical....
Politics  The two selections for high-profile posts, both lawyers, have legal records on sexual assault that have alarmed some advocates....
Sports  Golfers preparing for the Masters debated the L.P.G.A.’s move that cost Thompson a victory at the ANA Inspiration, with a number of different perspectives....
World  Protesters gathered in Caracas to accuse President Nicolás Maduro of trying to eviscerate Venezuela’s democratic institutions and establish one-man rule....
Sports  McIlroy, who needs a Masters title to complete a career Grand Slam, found himself answering questions about playing golf with President Trump....
World  Witnesses to the chemical attack who were taken to a hospital in Reyhanli, Turkey, described traumatic scenes at the site of the bombing....
Sports  The winner of the American League’s first Rookie of the Year Award eventually became a favorite of Vice President Richard M. Nixon’s....
Politics  President Trump’s border policies focus on keeping people out. But some officials say the flow of drug money going from north to south is an equal part of the problem....
Sports  Attention spans are shorter. The Mets are making inroads. To combat a slide in attendance, the Yankees, long New York’s darling, are offering family-oriented amenities and sliding-scale ticket prices....
Politics  With the administration struggling to gather enough G.O.P. support in the House for a new bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, party leaders say no action is imminent....
Sports  The decision to prevent the league’s players from participating in next year’s Games creates the possibility of a showdown with some of the sport’s biggest stars....
Books  His work led him to identify the first stirrings of Italian humanism well before the time of its traditional father, Petrarch, in the 14th century....
Sports  Led by a class that has helped turn the program around, the Crimson are in the Frozen Four for the first time since 1994....
Movies  Mr. Metzger was a serious student of film who changed course when his less-graphic films lost out to the more explicit competition....
Sports  Lugo pitched 15 innings in the World Baseball Classic and then reported tightness in his throwing elbow after his one spring training start....
World  The missile took off from Sinpo on North Korea’s east coast and flew 37 miles before splashing into the sea, the South Korean military said in a statement....
World  Analysts were surprised by the terrorist group’s earlier official silence on Trump, and speculated that it saw some of his statements as helpful....
Television  Besides drawing cartoon characters (also Tennessee Tuxedo and King Leonardo), Mr. Harris wrote ad copy, like the catchphrase “Silly rabbit! Trix are for kids!”...
Sports  Brassard scored a goal, and the Senators clinched second place in the Atlantic Division with a home victory over the Rangers, who hold the top wild-card spot in the East....
Sports  The three nations would be an overwhelming favorite to host an expanded field of 48 teams in the 2026 competition....
Sports  The team’s rebuilding process took a few steps backward as Sanchez was injured the same day another young slugger, Greg Bird, was held out with a sore foot....
World  Authorities in India on Saturday detained a 24-year-old man suspected of using a network of call centers to trick unwitting Americans into believing they owed money to the I.R.S....
World  The move by the group, which has carried out a long campaign for a homeland on the French-Spanish border, was described as a “major step.”...
Politics  The book makes the case that world events unfold in cycles of roughly 80 years each that can be divided into four turnings: growth, maturation, entropy and destruction....
Politics  The precautionary move comes as commanders assess how Syria and Russia will respond to last week’s American missile strike on a Syrian air base....
Sports  The Flames, playing a faster game under a new coach, began a surge in late January that has lifted them to a wild-card spot....
World  The appointment of Bruno Tshibala to be prime minister seems unlikely to resolve the country’s political crisis or satisfy the opposition, analysts say....
Sports  Houston gambled on Morton, 33, in free agency and the early returns are promising, including a strong start....
World  After President Xi Jinping went to Mar-a-Lago, Chinese state-controlled news outlets offered some hints about how the visit was perceived back home....
Sports  Russia may have an advantage at the 2018 Games after the N.H.L. refused to take an Olympic break. That could help its domestic league’s growth, too....
Sports  The Spanish soccer league, locked in a financial battle with the English Premier League, is aggressively going after the illegal broadcast and streaming of its matches....
World  President Trump’s decision to respond with military force to a chemical attack on Syrian civilians was met on the ground with a mix of optimism and doubt....
Politics  In a week of foreign policy moves, President Trump dispensed with dogma and demonstrated a highly improvisational and situational approach to the world...
Politics  “The Fourth Turning,” a 1997 book that foresees a crisis on par with the Civil War, helps explain the basis of an “America First” agenda that Stephen K. Bannon has helped shape....
World  American and NATO leaders are growing increasingly frustrated with the slow pace of security reforms they see as necessary to battle the insurgency....
Music  Pearl Jam, Tupac and Joan Baez were honored in Brooklyn at an event light on fireworks and surprises....
Economy  Sentiment among Democrats and Republicans has swung sharply since November, creating a gap that — regardless of objective data — is wider than ever....
World  “We deplore Russia’s continued defense of the Assad regime even after the chemical weapons attack on innocent civilians,” the British foreign secretary said....
World  Visiting Botswana and Namibia, George W. Bush argued that an H.I.V. program he established as president should be expanded to tackle cervical cancer....
World  A herder, along with his sons, has sued for rights to a 17.8-ton rock that was seized under rules that keep natural resources under state ownership....
World  A spokesman says the president’s comments about the Spratly Islands referred only to plans to add services like water and electricity to create sanctuaries for fishermen....
World  The encounter underscores the tensions between increasingly emboldened right-wing Hindu activists and India’s minority groups, particularly over missionary activity....
World  Her efforts to quell ethnic fighting are faltering, the military is accused of abusing Rohingya, free speech is under threat — and her public is losing patience....
World  Ms. Haley, a former governor with no foreign policy background, has taken on an outspoken role as ambassador to the United Nations....
World  An unflattering assessment reflected China’s official opposition to military interventions in the affairs of other countries, but it was also a criticism of President Trump....
World  The solidarity with Damascus is likely to cause problems for President Vladimir V. Putin and Russia in the long run, political analysts say....
Fashion & Style  They met just after he got a job they both interviewed for. Still, they got to know, and love, each other. (And she got another job.)...
Real Estate  The nonstop jingle, the noxious fumes — what’s a person to do about those annoying ice cream trucks idling in the neighborhood?...
Technology  Twitter fights the government, Google fights Uber, and we fight back tears over a tech columnist’s retirement....
Theater  Mr. Pigott-Smith was playing Willy Loman in a production of “Death of a Salesman” that was about to open....
Sports  Woods, a four-time Masters champion who has been battling back issues, could learn from an example set by Arnold Palmer....
Fashion & Style  Once we would brag of not needing very much of it. Now deep slumber is a coveted state achieved with gadgets, apps, gizmos and classes....
Fashion & Style  The mild-mannered accountant Michael Tumminia said his clients “make a great living, but the way the money comes in the door makes your life more challenging.”...
Fashion & Style  You couldn’t make it? Not to worry. We captured the annual design-lovers’ paradise on 360 video....
World  The Swedish police said on Saturday they had arrested an Uzbek man, 39, on suspicion of terrorism crimes in the attack that killed four people....
Television  Louis C.K. takes his act to the “Saturday Night Live” stage. And “Kubo and the Two Strings,” a splendidly animated family diversion, is on Netflix....
Sports  Mike Conley scored 31 points for Memphis, which clinched the No. 7 spot in the Western Conference. The Grizzlies will meet the Spurs in the first round....
Sports  Roethlisberger, who hinted that he would consider retirement after last season, promised Steelers fans his ‘absolute best.’...
Sports  Severino was cruising against the Orioles before a three-run homer with two outs in the fifth inning. It was a worrying reminder of his struggles last year....
Sports  Hilary Knight scored in overtime to give the United States a 3-2 victory over Canada in the title game....
Sports  Wheeler took the mound for the first time since September 2014, a nod to his perseverance after Tommy John surgery. But he gave up five runs in four innings, and the Mets were trounced by the Marlins....
Sports  Mickelson and Spieth finished the second round of the Masters tied, so they will tee off together in a pairing that is sure to attract a following....
Politics  A photograph of Trump advisers at Mar-a-Lago has been scrutinized for what it says about who has the commander in chief’s ear at a critical moment....
Politics  Mark E. Green, a Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon, has a record of opposing rights for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people....
World  The question for the Pentagon is whether its action will ensure that poisonous gas will no longer be among the many scourges that plague Syria....
Sports  Lopez, who has played for the team longer than anybody else, is nearing the franchise record for career points. “I definitely think I’m lucky,” he said....
World  Henrique Capriles, seen as a top challenger to President Nicolás Maduro in next year’s election, has been “disqualified from the exercise of public functions” for 15 years....
Health  “We are seeing the first signs in 2016 that this market could be manageable for most health insurers,” Standard & Poor’s analysts said....
Television  Ms. Brown, and actor and dancer, had a memorable role in “The Thing With Two Heads.”...
Sports  Only five men have won a career Grand Slam. To become the sixth, McIlroy must figure out how to ignore the distraction and concentrate on winning the Masters....
Politics  President Trump’s decision to launch cruise missiles at an air base in Syria scrambled reactions across the political spectrum....
Politics  Some national security observers have questioned recent comments by Rex Tillerson, Nikki Haley and Sean Spicer that reversed American policy on Syria....
Politics  President Trump warned that if China did not curb North Korea’s rogue actions, the United States would step in....
Politics  Both parties remain divided and ambivalent about giving any president an explicit blessing to enter theaters of war, even for limited operations....
Theater  The play received generally positive reviews but did not shine at the box office....
Sports  With fans and league broadcast partners irked by stars’ sitting out, Commissioner Adam Silver said owners have discussed issuing “guidelines’’ for teams....
World  Though the Obama administration declared the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons a success, eliminating them altogether is probably elusive....
Politics  For Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to win Senate confirmation as an associate justice, he had to learn how to say nothing much at all....
Economy  General merchandise stores shed 34,700 jobs in March, a new sign of the challenges facing brick-and-mortar merchants with the rise of online commerce....
Politics  Since 2011, Donald J. Trump openly expressed his opposition to intervention in Syria. As president, it may have all changed for him with one missile strike....
Science  The Juno space probe and the Hubble Space Telescope recorded new images of Jupiter that will help scientists study the solar system’s largest planet....
Television  Alex Gansa, the showrunner, talks about writing episodes during the Trump presidency: Plots were rejiggered, and characters were changed....
World  Amid doubts about their influence, Rex W. Tillerson and Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster made their presence known in the decision to take action against Syria....
World  A look back on recent Canada coverage in The New York Times, with back stories and analysis....
Books  The Fox commentator’s new book, written with Bruce Feirstein, deploys “snowflake” as an insult for anything from spinelessness to political correctness....
Books  In “My Jewish Year,” Abigail Pogrebin decides to celebrate all the Jewish holidays of the calendar year, even the ones she’s never heard of....
Television  As hazing-related injuries and deaths periodically make headlines, “Burning Sands” and “The Quad” are shining a light on the effects of the practice....
Your Money  T-Mobile promised that two new lines would come at no charge. But month after month, each one cost $20 with tax. Then the Haggler stepped in....
Music  A piano rarity, an exuberant piece of 12-tone Americana and a diva's pop aspirations were among the highlights....
Theater  Daydream yourselves back to the golden age of circus at Madison Square Garden. It hardly matter that the conceit doesn’t always work....
Your Money  Consumers are more likely to be careless with products when they know an upgrade is available, research has found....
Sports  Veterans of the league’s venues, they can share many tales, involving people such as Bobby Orr and Michael Jordan, and places like the old Boston Garden and Joe Louis Arena....
Politics  Congress has broadly supported President Trump's missile strike against Syria....
Sports  For part of Friday’s second round, García mysteriously gained two strokes, but he is tied with Rickie Fowler, Charley Hoffman and Thomas Pieters at four-under....
Real Estate  Catch up on the most popular stories of the month....
Sports  All in their 70s, they can talk about the team’s last Stanley Cup victory, in 1967, a brawl that spilled into the hall in the 1970s and a 1955 riot in Montreal....
Music  Our music critic explores the anxious, enigmatic work of Salvatore Sciarrino, part of a program at Columbia University....
Fashion & Style  The New York streetwear label, which has announced it will go on hiatus, brought a unique showmanship to fashion week....
Fashion & Style  Scenes from the runway and backstage at the label’s spring 2017 show....
Fashion & Style  When the ’80s socialite went bankrupt, she sold her vineyard to the Trumps. Now she is trying her hand at a jewelry line....
World  Three people were killed in Stockholm on Friday when a man steered a truck into a crowd of people. Prime Minister Stefan Lofven called it a terrorist attack....
Sports  The N.B.A. pulled the game from the city this year over the state’s “bathroom bill,” but a recent change to the law has put Charlotte back in the mix....
Technology  The company sued after received a summons to disclose the user behind an account critical of President Trump that claimed to have ties to a government agency. A day later the government withdrew the summons....
Movies  Under new rules announced Friday by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, other films with similar formats could be shut out....
Politics  Mr. Carson sat down with Armstrong Williams and Steve Harvey for his first televised interview since becoming housing secretary....
Art & Design  “Veronese in Murano: Two Venetian Renaissance Masterpieces Restored” and “Canova’s George Washington” will include works that have never left Italy....
Health  A new report suggests that almost half of Americans between 18 and 59 are infected with HPV. What does that mean?...
Music  Hear the new songs that caught our critics' attention this week from Halsey, Jack White, Kneebody, Alex G, Karen Elson and more....
Technology  A day after Twitter sued to block a summons seeking information about who was behind an anonymous account, the federal government withdrew the summons....
Politics  The steps leading to President Trump’s order to strike a Syrian airfield in response to a chemical weapons attack on civilians....
Real Estate  This week’s properties include a six-bedroom in Bronxville, N.Y., and three-bedroom in Darien, Conn....
Real Estate  This week’s properties include a six-bedroom in Bronxville, N.Y., and three-bedroom in Darien, Conn....
Real Estate  Properties in the East Village, Murray Hill and in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn....
Real Estate  Properties in the East Village, Murray Hill and in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn....
World  Syrians attacked by the government of Bashar al-Assad welcomed the American assault, praising President Trump and the destruction of Al Shayrat, an “airport of death.”...
Food  The festive fruit salad or dessert inspired this billowing coconut dessert....
Food  The flavors of ambrosia are built into this ultra-fluffy coconut cake layered with citrus curd, fresh oranges and a seven-minute frosting....
Politics  The president ordered the strike without authorization by the United Nations Security Council or by Congress, raising questions about his legal limits....
World  Many Times readers thought President Trump made the right response to the Syrian government’s chemical attack. Others questioned his motivation....
Real Estate  The Broadway hit’s new Thomas Jefferson offers a tour of his meticulously ordered man cave....
Real Estate  The Tony Award-winning actor shares a two-bedroom rental in West New York, N.J., with his wife, Dawn, the couple’s two cats and many, many toys....
Technology  Mobile carriers have had occasional trouble routing emergency calls to 911 centers, but you can plan ahead for a possible service disruption....
Technology  The ride-hailing service said it started developing its own self-driving car systems before hiring an ex-Google employee accused of the theft....
Television  Michaela Coel’s series, on Netflix, is a raucous and hilarious trying-to-come-of-age story....
Music  Kamasi Washington and some Los Angeles musicians are producing vital recordings, but N.E.A. funding is uncertain. A conversation about the state of jazz, on Popcast....
Real Estate  John Freeman Gill, author of “The Gargoyle Hunters,” on rescuing city landmarks in 1970s New York....
Real Estate  John Freeman Gill, author of “The Gargoyle Hunters,” on rescuing city landmarks in 1970s New York....
Books  Fan fatigue with weak story lines and good-turned-bad characters are bigger problems than a black Captain America and a female Thor....
Art & Design  I visited a dead-quiet room at the Guggenheim as part of “PSAD Synthetic Desert III,” an installation by Doug Wheeler....
Technology  The ride-hailing company says its services can prevent alcohol-related car accidents, and some researchers agree — but not all....
Your Money  Those who throw premier events want the venues to have cachet as well, but logistics can get tricky....
Real Estate  Using an app to sell your stuff? Here are a few pointers....
Real Estate  Whatever you need to get rid of, chances are there’s an app or a website that will help you unload it....
Books  Elisabeth Rosenthal talks about “An American Sickness”; Jill Filipovic discusses “Unwanted Advances,” by Laura Kipnis, and “The Campus Rape Frenzy,” by KC Johnson and Stuart Taylor Jr....
Politics  President Trump spoke about progress between the United States and China....
Real Estate  First-quarter sales averages and medians were boosted by closings of high-priced newly built homes signed into contract years ago....
Real Estate  Even in an age of mobile devices, a desk is still the best place to focus on what you need to get done....
Politics  He becomes the 113th justice of the Supreme Court, capping a political brawl that lasted for more than a year and tested constitutional norms inside the Capitol’s fraying upper chamber....
World  President Trump’s decision to strike Syria tests a theory that the United States can fundamentally alter an adversary’s strategic calculus through limited action....
Politics  The president has shown reluctance to take on deductions he has used to avoid paying taxes, and Democrats are sounding the alarm on potential conflicts of interest....
Politics  The Senate is expected on Friday to confirm President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Neil M. Gorsuch....
Books  Pete the Cat (No. 2 on the picture books list) is now starring in a puppet show, a musical and an upcoming Amazon TV show....
World  The attack has disrupted the carefully choreographed proceedings, leaving President Xi Jinping of China to choose between condoning the airstrikes or rebuking his host....
Books  Eleanor Roosevelt’s book “It’s Up to the Women” was intended to lift the spirits of its readers as they moved through the Great Depression....
Television  A hapless human in space and his robot sidekicks once again toss zingers at bad films as they unspool onscreen....
Books  A writer reflects on the power of reading aloud to her children....
World  The attack showed the dangers of Russian and American forces’ operating in proximity. President Vladimir V. Putin called it a “significant blow” to the relationship....
Sports  This season, there is an incongruous presence in a British league: an expansion team from the largest city in Canada mixing it up with minnows of English rugby....
Books  Six new paperbacks to check out this week....
Fashion & Style  With Justin and Sophie Grégoire Trudeau drawing interest to the country, its fashion industry is looking to carve out a place on the worldwide stage....
Food  Make the days count: Start planning for Passover, if you observe it, or turn to other recipes, like steamed fish on kale or seared lamb chops....
Sports  The new, eager-to-please basketball coach at Georgetown suggested contact with a recruit that would violate the rules....
Politics  President Trump ordered airstrikes in Syria on Thursday in response to Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons on his people....
World  The attack struck the heart of a nation known for its peacefulness and tolerance, and turned a warm spring afternoon into a scene of terror....
Television  A new AMC series gives us another multigenerational tale of ranching and oil, this one built on violence....
Television  The purple dinosaur adults love to hate is turning 25. Here’s an untold tale of how he got on the air, and why we should reconsider our contempt....
Movies  John Schlesinger’s first feature film delivered industrial realism and sexual candor considered ahead of its time....
Music  The Crypt Sessions series in Harlem presented the virtuosic young pianist Conrad Tao in a basement chapel in Harlem....
World  Sinta Nuriyah carries forth her family’s campaign in Indonesia, holding interfaith events and establishing a network of progressive Islamic boarding schools for girls....
Art & Design  Just weeks after Eran Neuman began easing into the role, he left because of “differing perceptions regarding his role and terms of employment,” the museum said....
Movies  The site’s eclecticism — subgenres on top of subgenres — combines daily film news aggregation and a library that bridges cult and mainstream....
World  In one swift order, President Trump signaled that he would not hesitate to use force where he sees fit, signaling a new reality for both friends and foes....
World  Protesters called for the president to step down after his firing of a respected finance minister deepened concerns about government corruption....
World  A flag-burning and jeering mobs greeted the visit to the capital by the American vice president.
Television  Mr. Odenkirk, the star of the “Breaking Bad” prequel, talks about the show with Season 3 set to begin....
World  Russia and Iran sharply criticized U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian airfield on Thursday night, while European countries have been broadly supportive so far....
World  It was hard to reconcile the anguished president with the snarky critic who advised his predecessor not to strike....
Sports  When he walked off the mound to a standing ovation in the seventh inning, he had given up just three hits and two runs to the Atlanta Braves....
Education  More companies are drawing from their intern pools, making that last internship the most important. “It’s all about trying before you buy.”...
Books  Michael J. Green’s “By More Than Providence” traces the history of U.S.-Asia relations back to the founding of the country....
Travel  Royal Caribbean, Celebrity Cruises and Azamara have trips to destinations like Oman (camping in the desert) and Cambodia (Angkor Wat)....
World  We want to hear from Turkish voters in mainland Europe about their experience with this referendum....
Books  In “Ice Ghosts,” Paul Watson examines the discovery of ships abandoned by while in pursuit of the Northwest Passage....
Books  The dying mother in Lauren Grodstein’s novel “Our Short History” introduces her son to his absentee father....
Books  In “I Am Flying Into Myself,” the selected works of poetic outsider Bill Knott are often touched by a brutal humor....
Books  Readers respond to David Orr’s essay on Bob Dylan, Tressie McMillan Cottom’s “Lower Ed,” and more....
World  The 31-year-old Romanian architect, who was on Westminster Bridge when a man plowed a vehicle into pedestrians, died after being taken off life support....
Travel  At Agrikol, the food and drinks are Caribbean, and the vibe is perpetual summer — no small feat in a city of seemingly endless winters....
Travel  The 42-story InterContinental Presidente gets updates this year to some of its signature restaurants, just as the city is becoming a must-go spot....
Education  Preston Roberson-Charles was on MTV, then spent two years homeless in New York City. Now he’s an economics student. He revisited the experience....
Education  New research finds that 14 percent of community college students don’t have a place to live. Why is the situation so widespread?...
Sports  A beloved youth-league coach was gunned down at age 35 outside a bar in Maryland, just one more murder in a place where gunshot deaths were routine....
Music  As the anniversary of Prince’s death approaches, investigators still have not given any indication of where he got the fentanyl that killed him....
Economy  The showing was the weakest in nearly a year and followed two robust increases. But unemployment fell to 4.5 percent, the lowest in almost a decade....
Your Money  Teachers, doctors and others in the public service loan forgiveness program seek guidance on whether they are truly eligible to erase their student loan debt....
Real Estate  Some New Yorkers earn enough as hosts to quit their day jobs and plan for retirement....
Books  In “My Darling Detective,” Howard Norman mingles vandalism, murder and some very shadowy pasts....
Education  Kent State and Cornell University have opened the nation’s first certified gluten-free dining halls....
Books  Two new books, “Unwanted Advances” by Laura Kipnis and “The Campus Rape Frenzy” by KC Johnson and Stuart Taylor Jr., see men as victims of a nationwide sexual panic....
Books  Four new essay collections by Mary Gaitskill, Durga Chew-Bose, Sarah Gerard and Albert Goldbarth....
Real Estate  Cities around the globe have instituted fines to stop illegal short-term rentals through Airbnb....
Education  There are two kinds of popular people: the likable and the status seekers. Which kind are you? It matters....
Television  Mr. Leno said that Anthony Weiner must have known his life had gone off the rails when Bill Clinton was offended by his sexual behavior....
Education  A safe space for making face-to-face connections....
World  Moscow said that President Bashar al-Assad had not used chemical weapons and that the American operation would further hurt the Kremlin’s relations with Washington....
Fashion & Style  She wrote an article extolling the virtues of unwedded bliss. But when her partner was hospitalized in Cyprus, she had a change of heart....
Fashion & Style  Musical chairs continue at the European luxury houses as Luke and Lucie Meier are appointed at Jil Sander and Massimo Giorgetti departs from Pucci....
Politics  Read about how the other side thinks: How Trump is like F.D.R., why the left should reject net neutrality, and the “grand bargain” now at risk....
World  The president’s claims about the trade deficit with China are exaggerated, and his accusations of currency manipulation are outdated....
World  President Trump retaliated against the Assad government for a chemical attack in Syria that killed more than 80 civilians....
World  Despite varying theories about the type of weapon that the North had fired, none explained the short distance that the missile had traveled....
Politics  President Trump ordered the strikes on a Syrian airfield after two days of deliberations following a chemical weapons attack on Tuesday....
Sports  Data-driven strategy is pushing teams away from the pressing that made German soccer so appealing and toward “packing,” a focus on moves that neutralize opponents....
Television  “American Playboy” rides the sexual revolution with Mr. Hefner. And the first season of Baz Luhrmann’s “The Get Down” returns to the disco floor....
World  A look at where the United States fired airstrikes in response to a chemical weapons attack against civilians....
Sports  Allie Long and Crystal Dunn each scored two goals in a 4-0 win for the United States one day after the national team reached a new labor agreement....
World  In the Pearl River Delta, breakneck development is colliding with the effects of climate change....
World  The strike could shape the future of Mr. Trump’s foreign policy after weeks of apparent disorganization and a hacking scandal involving Russia....
World  在中國的珠江三角洲，迅速的經濟發展難以抵消環境災害之憂。...
World  在中国的珠江三角洲，迅速的经济发展难以抵消环境灾害之忧。...
Sports  Porzingis had hoped to play the last four games of the season after having missed a dozen, but he was a late scratch as Washington won at Madison Square Garden....
World  President Trump spoke from Palm Beach, Fla., on Thursday about military action he ordered after a chemical weapons attack killed scores of people....
Sports  Harvey, who had an operation last year to address thoracic outlet syndrome after missing the 2014 season because of Tommy John surgery, pitched six and two-thirds innings, yielding two runs....
Politics  President Trump spoke after the United States carried out a missile attack in Syria on Thursday in response to the Syrian government's deadly chemical weapons attack....
Theater  Patti LuPone and Christine Ebersole find the human factor in a repetitive musical about battling cosmetics magnates....
Politics  The escalating feud between the chief White House strategist and the president’s son-in-law reflects a larger struggle to guide the direction of the Trump presidency....
Music  Mr. O’Neill formed a band that blends heavy metal, Christmas and classical as it displays a unique brand of rock theater in its live shows....
Politics  In applying for top-secret security clearance, Jared Kushner failed to mention having contacts with the Russian ambassador and the head of a state-owned bank....
Books  A Buddhist and author and one of the few female members of the male-dominated post-World War II cultural movement....
Politics  Hackers posed as students applying for financial aid, the agency said, and might use stolen data to file fraudulent tax returns and get refunds....
Sports  James Kaprielian, a right-handed pitcher who was the team’s highest pick in 22 years, was placed on the 15-day minor league disabled list....
World  Ms. Sturgeon, an advocate of Scottish independence, said trying to compromise with Prime Minister Theresa May was ‘unproductive and frustrating.’...
Sports  As gusts of up to 40 miles per hour bedeviled most players, Hoffman shot a remarkable seven-under-par 65, birdieing nine holes, including all four par-3s....
Sports  Spieth, done in by a quadruple bogey on the 12th hole in the final round at Augusta last year, parred the hole Thursday, but had a quadruple bogey on the 15th....
Politics  The Democratic representative from Maryland, who has maintained a back and forth with the president since an Oval Office meeting, believes Mr. Trump reacted positively to his frankness....
Sports  Playing for the Mets’ Class A affiliate, the Columbia Fireflies, Tebow hit a two-run homer just over the left-field fence in his first trip to the plate....
Sports  Canada avenged a loss to Finland with a 4-0 victory, and the United States overwhelmed Germany, 11-0. The U.S. and Canada have met in every final since 1990....
Technology  Peter Levashov, 36, arrested on vacation in Spain, is charged with wire fraud and unauthorized interception of electronic communications....
Politics  The administration’s statement, despite a House Republican lawsuit against the payments, sends a potentially significant signal to insurers, encouraging them to stay in the exchanges....
Politics  Several cities and counties had questioned the accuracy of the data in the reports, which named jurisdictions that had failed to cooperate with immigration officials....
Sports  Paulo Dybala of Juventus will face off against Barcelona’s Lionel Messi on Tuesday — a chance to see how close the resemblance between the two Argentines has become....
World  An Amnesty International report adds to the debate about how much to trust Beijing’s claims that it has sharply cut the number of prisoners it executes....
Sports  Pineda took a perfect game into the seventh and struck out 11 as the Yankees defeated the Rays, 8-1, on a picturesque day in the Bronx....
Television  Maia proves to be a character with no moral center or desires of her own....
Politics  The former world champion boxer said using an image of a wall to promote a bout between two fighters of Mexican descent was “a direct hit to Donald Trump.”...
Books  Mr. Baldwin’s unexpectedly moving new memoir reflects on topics ranging from a directionless childhood to Harrison Ford’s looks....
Food  The head of coffee at Locol, the California fast-food chain, sells a high-quality cup for just $1. Now he wants to make good coffee more accessible, in every way....
Politics  A movement to use federal programs to offer treatment and a place to live to the chronically ill has a new worry: expected cuts and tax code changes....
Music  Mr. Vogt, the German-born pianist, took a packed house at Alice Tully Hall on a personal journey through the monumental “Goldberg” Variations....
Theater  This multimedia production examines the people and backstage dramas that went into the making of “Casablanca” in 1942....
Theater  The Grammy-winning musician thought he was just writing the score for “Samara.” Then the playwright Richard Maxwell asked him to take a role, too....
World  Although on the same side in Syria, Iran is conspicuously not allowing Russia unlimited use of its air bases, part of a legacy of mistrust between the two....
Health  An outbreak of elephantiasis among farmers in western Uganda was the surprising result of working barefoot, researchers report....
Fashion & Style  Mr. Enninful’s appointment makes a statement about diversity and gender at one of the most influential fashion magazines....
Food  The corn tostadas at the chef Enrique Olvera’s Atla suggest the tlayudas of Oaxaca....
Sports  Led by Sergio Garcia of Spain, golfers from Europe occupied five of the first eight places....
Sports  With five of Canada’s teams making the cut, a year after all seven were shut out, Sportsnet will see viewership jump and advertising dollars pour in....
Sports  A paradigm-shifting plan that will involve more cities, more teams and more profit. The event will be the first to include 48 teams instead of 32....
Politics  After years of criticizing former President Barack Obama for playing golf and going on private getaways, President Trump has already done more of both in his first 87 days....
World  The declaration was among the first efforts to set out what appears to be a new Trump doctrine, and it may intensify a growing rift between the U.S. and Russia....
Music  The rapper and the singer-songwriter are both spending their third consecutive weeks at No. 1 and No. 2 with “More Life” and “÷,” respectively....
World  The Chinese capital has begun a campaign of generous rewards for people who identify espionage activities and the perpetrators....
Health  The waxy part of so-called ear wax holds the compacted waste together and smooths the way for it to leave the ear....
Art & Design  The artist Awol Erizku is opening his first solo show in Europe with his most political work to date....
World  The spy, a naval officer named Kulbhushan Jadhav, was arrested in March 2016 in a case that will further strain Indian-Pakistani relations....
Food  The chef Jenn Louis’s “The Book of Greens” focuses on leafy greens and rare vegetables....
Food  This layer cake from Ovenly would be a stunning flourless Easter dessert....
World  Tens of thousands of mourners, including police officers from every force in Britain, lined the route to Southwark Cathedral to mark the service....
Food  The chef Chris Cipollone turns toward childhood favorites at his temporary lunchtime spot at the restaurant Piora....
Your Money  A life without regrets is one where you probably haven’t learned anything from the struggle to decide between two things you care about deeply....
World  Prosecutors said the chief suspect was Rakhmat Akilov, 39, an Uzbek whose application for asylum was rejected last year, and he is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday morning....
Food  Classes taught by the longtime florist at the Upper East Side store will cover spring arrangements....
Health  There is no epidemic of vitamin D deficiency, experts say, yet pointless testing and treatment are rampant....
Sports  The Sullivan Award, which celebrates amateur ideals and sportsmanship, has butted against the changing definition of “amateur.”...
Television  Mr. Capaldi talks about his decision to leave the long-running BBC science-fiction series and what he’s learned from playing its dimension-hopping hero....
Technology  Canadian researchers have played a major role in developing artificial intelligence. Now the government is helping to create research centers to retain them....
Food  Maman and Egg Shop have collaborated on these festive desserts filled with lemon curd....
Technology  Microsoft is now rolling out the Windows 10 Creators Update, a new version of its flagship operating system....
World  President Trump is confronting North Korean aggression with a set of tools that has had limited success for the United States in the past....
World  The militant group Shabab claimed responsibility for the attack, in which a suicide bomber wore an army officer’s uniform....
World  A casual remark by Ms. Le Pen, a contender for president, threatened to jeopardize her longtime effort to distance her far-right National Front party from anti-Semitism....
Art & Design  The company said it would remove artwork from X-Men Gold #1 that appeared to refer to Islamist attacks on Christians and Jews in Indonesia....
Sports  There are still some regular-season threads to tie up before the playoffs begin this month....
World  Tomás Yarrington Ruvalcaba, who had been on the run for five years, faces money laundering and racketeering charges....
Fashion & Style  Mr. Enninful will replace Alexandra Shulman and will become the first nonwhite man to edit a mainstream women’s fashion magazine....
Politics  He is now the 113th justice of the high court, a victory for President Trump in his push to shape the institution for decades to come....
Food  Passover begins tonight: We’ve got last-minute ideas, if you’re observing the holiday, or meals for the week, if you’re not....
Health  Relatives of patients resuscitated against their instructions are increasingly willing to sue over “wrongful life.”...
Music  The musician was honored in his hometown, with a service including letters from Paul McCartney and Bill Clinton and a rendition of “Johnny B. Goode.”...
Books  Peter Conradi, in “Who Lost Russia?,” asks what went wrong in U.S.-Russia relations....
World  Officials in Tottori, Japan, are trying to attract more foreign tourists, and an exhibit of improbably intricate sand sculptures is central to the effort....
Books  Bethany Ball’s comic first novel, “What to Do About the Solomons,” follows a Jewish family through the 20th century and a financial scandal....
Theater  A young couple’s engagement brings cultural tensions to the surface between secular and fundamentalist families. Yet not all is as it seems....
Sports  When a team changes course, it often does so with a new general manager. But the Yankees’ makeover has been directed by a man who has led them for two decades....
World  Three men may be the only ones to answer for the deaths of 1.7 million Cambodians in one of the worst episodes of mass killing in the last century....
Books  In “Letterman,” Jason Zinoman shows how a Midwestern wiseacre changed late-night television....
Travel  There is a growing category of trips where you can mingle with stars and unleash your inner fan....
Travel  A study by the nonprofit organization Polaris, based on calls to hotlines, could be used to combat human trafficking....
World  A museum in a remote region of Japan is recreating American icons in sand. Take a 360-degree spin through Hollywood, Mount Rushmore and even Trump Tower, all composed of sand and water....
World  Lee Ching-yu said that China had canceled her mainland travel permit, meaning she could not fly to Beijing to inquire about her husband’s whereabouts....
Television  It would have been nice to return to the real world with a happy “Homeland” ending behind us, a fade into a comforting made-for-TV resolution. Oh well....
Television  Julia, an autistic 4-year-old Muppet, debuts on “Sesame Street.” And “Better Call Saul” and “Angie Tribeca” begin new seasons....
Sports  Starting at the back field because of a tire change during qualifying, Johnson passed Joey Logano with 16 laps to go and held on to win the O’Reilly Auto Parts 500....
Sports  Syndergaard, unbothered by the blister that shortened his first start, struck out nine and Jay Bruce and Michael Conforto hit solo homers against the Marlins....
Television  The show reminds us that Hollywood is not an altruistic industry, particularly for a fading star....
Television  No matter what Axe does, he will always be on the outside looking in — a Beverly Hillbilly in designer slacks....
Sports  Sergio García had long felt the disdain of fans put off by his attitude. But with a more mellow approach and an underdog’s charm, he won them over at the Masters....
Music  Mr. Peel’s best-known song was “I Like Marijuana.” His best-known friends were John Lennon and Yoko Ono....
World  An estimated 70,000 people turned out on Sunday for a protest against legislation that could force one of Hungary’s top international universities out of the country....
World  The World War I battle, in which Canadian troops overtook German lines, has been cast by many Canadians as a pivotal moment in their nation’s formation....
World  Western cybersecurity researchers have identified the man being held, Peter Levashov, as the spammer known as Peter Severa, though some doubt he is the same person....
Health  Opposition groups, fresh off a health care victory, are now looking ahead to other issues, the midterms, and a long road ahead....
World  The order to send an aircraft carrier and three guided-missile ships to the Korean Peninsula follows a missile test by the North last week....
Sports  Thirteen of Westbrook’s triple-doubles this season have come by the fourth quarter, and he has accomplished the feat against 27 of 29 opponents....
Sports  Denver held a 3-1 lead when Tariq Hammond sustained an ankle injury early in the third period. The Pioneers then held off Minnesota-Duluth for their eighth national title....
Sports  Playing in his 74th major tournament, García, 37, outdueled Justin Rose in a playoff to win the green jacket....
Sports  The Portland point guard said after the game that he thought he could do even better....
Science  Dr. Dehmelt shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Physics for developing methods to trap a single ion or electron, allowing for a more precise way to measure their properties....
Sports  The Orioles issued 11 walks, but the Yankees did not take advantage until late in the game....
Theater  The theatrical sequel to J.K. Rowling’s novels won nine prizes at London’s top theater awards ceremony....
Art & Design  Greece may be the best place to come to grips with this show’s important themes: migration, debt, fraying European unity and intolerance....
World  In response to the terrorist attack in central Sweden last week, thousands came out on Sunday to honor the victims with a message for peace....
World  Some feel treated as second-class citizens in the European Union, and the populist wave has reached their supermarket shelves....
Politics  Early voting has begun in a special House election, but in the suburbs north of Atlanta, few seem quite sure what the Republican Party stands for now....
Books  Adam Bellow, a conservative editor responsible for some of the right’s most controversial books, says his roster needs liberal writers, too....
Music  An immersion into the extravagant, extroverted music of the composer Johannes Maria Staud was presented at the Miller Theater....
Politics  Ms. McFarland’s departure has been seen as likely since the forced resignation of Michael T. Flynn. She may be nominated to be the United States ambassador to Singapore....
Sports  The Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award, named for a police detective who was paralyzed in a 1986 shooting, was presented for the first time since his death. Mats Zuccarello won it for the third time....
Television  This PBS documentary, pegged to the United States’ entry into World War I, shows a country on the verge of becoming a superpower....
Sports  Markelle Fultz, the projected No. 1 pick in the N.B.A. draft, and Stephon Marbury, a former star during some of the team’s toughest times, watched as the Knicks fell to the Raptors....
Politics  The secretary of state called Russia “incompetent” for allowing Syria to retain chemical weapons and accused Moscow of trying to meddle in European elections....
Technology  Today’s striking advances in artificial intelligence owe a lot to research in Canada over the years. But the country has so far failed to cash in....
World  A bomber killed only civilians as he tried to ram a vehicle into the newly installed commander’s convoy. The Shabab group claimed responsibility....
Music  The summer-long festival of free concerts in New York City parks will also include performances by Joshua Redman, Slick Rick and Taj Mahal....
Sports  The Heisman winner arrived in Columbia as a hero with a bat — bringing star power to a region excited to embrace his baseball aspirations....
Movies  Earlier “Smurfs” movies were critical duds, but had nostalgia going for them. “Smurfs: The Lost Village” faces a harder time at the box office....
Politics  President Barack Obama said in 2014 that America was “getting chemical weapons out of Syria without having initiated a strike.” Then came last week’s chemical attack....
Politics  Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s confirmation puts the court ideologically where it has been since 2006, but President Trump could push it much further right....
Food  Chicken with apricot and chipotle sauce, roasted cauliflower and two kinds of tacos: We’ve got recipes for Passover, Easter and the days to come....
World  In December, the Uzbek man was given four weeks to get out of Sweden but went underground. He has been arrested in a truck attack that killed four....
Real Estate  Recent residential sales in New York City and the region....
World  Two suicide bombings at churches in Egypt on Palm Sunday called into question President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi’s image as a bulwark against Islamic extremists....
World  The Special Forces soldier was mortally wounded in an operation against affiliates of the Islamic State, officials said....
Television  Louis C.K. was host. But Alec Baldwin gave “S.N.L.” a double dose of topicality, portraying President Trump in the cold open and in a later sketch where he also played the embattled Fox News host....
Theater  Does a play’s success on one side of the Atlantic signal success on the other side? Not necessarily. Here’s a look at how eight recent shows fared....
Sports  Durant finished with 16 points, 10 rebounds and 6 assists while Stephen Curry was sidelined by a bruised left knee....
Television  Jonah Hill and Miles Teller play a serious subject for laughs in “War Dogs.” And take a refresher course on “The White Queen” before its sequel lands....
Sports  Jarid Lukosevicius notched a hat trick in the second period, and the Pioneers washed away memories of last season’s exit in the national semifinals by edging Minnesota-Duluth....
Sports  Despite a 4-2 victory over the Devils, the Islanders were bumped from the postseason when Toronto rallied to beat Pittsburgh....
Fashion & Style  She is a screenwriter; he is a producer for Jimmy Kimmel. They went to Dartmouth, but met in Los Angeles....
Fashion & Style  The bride is a lawyer at Beveridge & Diamond, and the groom works for Boston Consulting Group....
Fashion & Style  The couple met through their work with New York’s homeless and mentally ill....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who work for New York City nonprofits, were married at the Strand bookstore....
Fashion & Style  She is an executive with Warner Bros. Television, and he is an entertainment lawyer....
Fashion & Style  The couple met at the University of Arizona, from which they graduated....
Fashion & Style  She is a lawyer with the New York Office of Criminal Justice, and he is a product manager at a New York real estate company....
Fashion & Style  She is with Malin & Goetz; he is with Castle Connolly medical services. They met on the dating app JSwipe in New York....
Fashion & Style  She is a manager for Netflix, and he for Uber. They met at Harvard while getting M.B.A.s....
Fashion & Style  They grew up around the corner from each other in New Jersey. Now they’re married....
Fashion & Style  She is a manager in luxury retail and beauty client management for American Express, and he is with the Bank of New York Mellon....
Fashion & Style  She is with the Food Network, and he, an executive director at The New York Times, is head of Story[X], the newsroom’s research and development group....
Fashion & Style  She runs a personal finance website and he is an evidence technician for a United States attorney’s office....
Fashion & Style  The couple met at a Morehouse-Spelman homecoming party in Atlanta....
Fashion & Style  The bride and groom each work at a financial firm and they met as interns at Morgan Stanley in New York....
Sports  Gsellman, the Mets’ fifth starter, has been compared to Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom, but he allowed one run in each of the first three innings....
Sports  Elias, the team’s career scoring leader, had not played at all this season, but he skated with the team during warm-ups for a final time before retirement....
Sports  Gormley won the Santa Anita Derby, one of three major Kentucky Derby prep races on Saturday. Irap took the Blue Grass Stakes, and Irish War Cry claimed the Wood Memorial....
Sports  Spieth trailed by 10 strokes after the first round but has used an aggressive approach to reduce that deficit to two entering the final round....
Sports  Rose and García stand at six under par after 54 holes at Augusta National. Rose shot a 67 on Saturday, while Garcia carded a 70....
Television  A white-haired avatar of small-town values who became a beloved regular on her son’s shows, she showed off her pies and interviewed Hillary Clinton....
Sports  Thomas Tuchel, Borussia Dortmund’s manager, said his players had wanted more time to recover from the attack on Tuesday, but UEFA said the team had agreed to play the next day....
Science  The features of 245-million-year-old Teleocrater fossils may help fill in our understanding of how dinosaurs evolved....
World  The resolution would have strengthened the ability of investigators to look into the attack that killed dozens of civilians. The United States blames Syria’s president....
Sports  St. Louis and groups in the city say the league violated its own relocation policy when N.F.L. owners voted to let the team leave for Los Angeles....
Books  In “Fallen Glory,” James Crawford provides a tour from the Tower of Babel to the World Trade Center....
Politics  A shell company created by Paul Manafort the same day he left the presidential campaign quickly received $13 million in loans from the businesses....
Theater  Les 7 Doigts (The 7 Fingers) present “Cuisine & Confessions,” in which this Montreal company’s members boil, pan-fry, back-flip and somersault....
Travel  Take this quiz to see if you’re ready the next time an airline asks you to give up your seat, bumps you or subjects you to a long delay....
Movies  Each installment of “Fast and Furious” is more enjoyably ludicrous than the last, even as the death of the star Paul Walker continues to hang over the franchise....
Politics  Sean Spicer, the press secretary for President Trump, went on the defensive after making poorly received comments that compared President Bashar al-Assad of Syria to Hitler....
Music  Dance music’s inside jokesters suffer under the pop spotlight on “Memories…Do Not Open.”...
Sports  Gardner collided with the Rays’ Rickie Weeks at first base on a ground ball that produced the go-ahead run. Gardner then left with a bruised jaw and a strained neck....
Sports  Goals contributed by players like Jay Beagle, a fourth-line center, will make the difference. That’s the hope, anyway....
Books  “Killers of the Flower Moon,” David Grann’s new book, recalls how Indians were killed by whites who coveted the oil under their land in 1920s Oklahoma....
Fashion & Style  The Hester Street Fair opens for the season, Shinola opens in Dumbo with a block party, and more....
Music  Discos Barba Azul, which operated until 2013, nurtured a massive cross-border underground. A new compilation collects and celebrates its recordings....
Sports  Drogba, one of the most decorated players of his generation, will try to help the franchise move up to M.L.S....
Politics  Mr. Estes, the state treasurer and a Republican, won a special election on Tuesday for the seat vacated by Mike Pompeo, now the C.I.A. director....
Science  Theories abound as to why the deadly nerve agent was not used during World War II, which could have dealt a major blow to the Allies, who didn’t know about the lethal arms....
Art & Design  Sculptures by Adrián Villar Rojas mix objects culled from all over the Met, and should inspire a scavenger hunt: Guess The Treasure....
Politics  President Trump also repeated falsehoods about Hillary Clinton and contradicted his own earlier positions on Syria and chemical attacks....
Fashion & Style  Alexandre Daillance, a college sophomore, started the Instagram-friendly streetwear label NasaSeasons, worn by many celebrities....
Television  Mr. Hansen played Lee Baldwin, a lawyer and addiction counselor on the soap opera, on and off from 1965 to 2004. He won a Daytime Emmy in 1979....
Sports  Weight, who became the team’s interim coach in January, was 24-12-4 and nearly led the team to the N.H.L. playoffs....
World  Recommendations by the bloc’s executive body call for a person responsible for child protection in all migrant reception centers and at all stages of the asylum process....
Theater  Young actors from war-torn nations have created Exil Ensemble at the Gorki Theater in Berlin. Now they are starring in a play based on their lives....
Fashion & Style  Nomos Glashütte, a watchmaker with a growing cult following, introduces a line for recent college graduates....
Books  There have been calls for the removal of Mr. Cosby’s children’s book series from schools and libraries....
World  Lula, a bear, and Simba, a lion, were taken to a wildlife shelter in Jordan after being saved from their home, which was severely damaged in battles for control of the city....
World  Activists celebrated the ruling, though it does not mean immediate legal change in the countries that require sterilization....
World  The surprising decision by Mr. Ahmadinejad, who became notorious in the West by threatening Israel and denying the existence of the Holocaust, may test Iran’s establishment....
Movies  The actor will play a younger version of the professor in the next installment of J.K. Rowling’s franchise....
Politics  President Trump said Mr. Bannon was not the chief strategist of his campaign victory, distancing himself from the contentious hard-right adviser who is increasingly isolated in the White House....
Travel  How the airline industry and passengers came to find themselves navigating unfriendly skies....
World  The government has fired or suspended about 130,000 people suspected of being dissidents from the public and private sectors since a coup attempt last summer....
Science  After attacking termites, ants of a species in sub-Saharan Africa retrieve the injured so that they can recuperate back home in the colony....
Art & Design  Two portraits have been shown to depict the influential 16th-century architect, Italian experts say....
Technology  Dedicated video streaming platforms like YouTube and Twitch are looking for ways to sweeten the deal for streamers so they produce more live content....
Theater  The New York musical version of “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” required a new director, a new cast, a partial rewrite and old favorite songs....
Technology  In the last three months, several high-ranking managers have left the ride-hailing company. At least one has been openly critical about the way the company has been run....
Sports  On Tuesday, the Miami Marlins had to stop playing baseball for a bit, as a stray cat evaded capture in the outfield....
Fashion & Style  Here, the young women behind each site tell us what they’re feeling for spring....
Technology  The video-streaming apps Virgin Anywhere and Sky Sports Mobile TV are a boon for a soccer reporter, or a fan....
Science  Two mathematical models converge to illuminate the process through which an ocellated lizard’s scales repeatedly change color....
Technology  Online check-ins, airport kiosks and the like are divorcing travelers from human workers, with the effort to drag a passenger off a United Airlines flight the culmination....
Your Money  Researchers find that about 60 percent of complaints about medical debt collections fall into categories that suggest the consumers may not owe the money....
Theater  This Pulitzer-winning playwright finally gets her due, with a retelling of a controversial 1923 play that featured Broadway’s first stage kiss between two women....
Technology  If you dislike reading on a phone or tablet, you can likely read your electronic books and magazines on your computer’s display instead....
Movies  The program, “Making Faces on Film,” kicks off with a 1925 film by Oscar Micheaux featuring Paul Robeson in two roles....
Sports  Westbrook's rather outrageous regular season must be considered the single greatest season by any athlete ever, right? No? Here are some other contenders....
Music  This elusive German soprano will be accompanied by the eloquent pianist Malcolm Martineau....
Television  A CNN documentary series examines the interrelationship of music and civil rights, 9/11, Vietnam, the women’s movement and more....
Music  DMX, Eve, Swizz Beats, the Lox and more of the 1990s Yonkers crew will perform at Barclays Center....
Art & Design  The lawsuit, related to the scandal involving the Knoedler & Company gallery, has ended with a court settlement....
World  President Trump’s hopes for an alliance faded as he and his administration publicly chastised President Vladimir V. Putin....
Food  David Tanis has a new recipe for the dish, great for these cooling nights and sunny days, and Kim Severson has a beautiful reflection on ham and lamb....
Television  Ms. Winfrey, the star of the HBO film adaptation, talks about the book’s resonance and her reluctant decision to be in the movie....
Art & Design  The painter Robert Ryman is giving 21 of his works, a mini-survey of his career, to Dia. The paintings will remain in rooms of their own, as arranged by the artist....
World  Two people with an “Islamist background” were held after the attack on the soccer team’s bus, the German Federal Prosecutor’s Office said....
World  The Brazilian Cabinet decided the immediate rupture of diplomatic and commercial relations with Germany.
Science  Researchers analyzed tens of thousands of bones retrieved from the La Brea Tar Pits to get a picture of the costs of being a Pleistocene predator....
Real Estate  In Cape Town, the strongest real estate market in South Africa, housing demand is high and prices are up....
Real Estate  A former winery in the Cape Town suburb of Upper Constantia, is on the market for $1,215,601....
Sports  In recent days, team officials have openly discussed at least considering a trade of Sherman, who has been a Pro Bowler or first-team All-Pro in five of six years....
Real Estate  A 1929 Tudor in West Hartford, Conn.; a stone-and-stucco house in Phoenix; and a chalet-style home in Hickory, N.C....
Real Estate  A 1929 Tudor in West Hartford, Conn.; a stone-and-stucco house in Phoenix; and a chalet-style home in Hickory, N.C....
Politics  Protecting top government officials involves a patchwork of more than a dozen federal agencies and offices....
Fashion & Style  The former presidential candidate steps out in Katy Perry’s collection, and now the resistance knows what to wear on its feet....
World  President Trump’s comments, in a wide-ranging interview with Fox Business, came as Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson was in Moscow for meetings....
World  Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia appeared unable to agree on the facts on contentious issues, much less improve relations....
World  The eight had been taken hostage two days earlier during a clash between Somali forces and the pirates....
Sports  The postseason begins Wednesday, and there will be several interesting clashes early on, including the Penguins-Blue Jackets series....
Books  In “The Chessboard and the Web,” Anne-Marie Slaughter calls on foreign-policy makers to radically update their vision of global order....
Books  Three food-oriented memoirs take readers as far as the Pacific Northwest and Iran, and as near as a New York matriarch’s kitchen....
Real Estate  A suburb with urban conveniences easy to reach on foot, and home to generations of families....
Real Estate  A suburb with urban conveniences easy to reach on foot, and home to generations of families....
World  Visitors hoping to cure their ailments or simply have a longer life head to Bama County, in southern China, which is known as the country’s “longevity capital.”...
Books  A roundup of new young adult fiction includes stories of a thief seeking justice, a skeleton revealing a city’s shameful past and a gorilla spinning tales....
Television  Shonda Rhimes of “Scandal” and the people behind “Veep,” “Madam Secretary” and “House of Cards” talk about reality bumping into fiction....
Travel  The city has transformed itself into a vibrant cultural and artistic hub, though traces of its Rust Belt roots remain....
Technology  Silicon Valley prides itself on its capacity to upend entrenched industries. But airlines have eluded tech disruption....
Politics  President Trump selected Kevin Hassett, who believes that immigration spurs economic growth, to lead his Council of Economic Advisers....
Sports  In a statement, Rob Manfred was said to have expressed a desire “to transition away from the Chief Wahoo logo,” a smiling caricature the team uses that many find offensive....
Travel  The Museum of the American Revolution, opening on April 19, features artifacts, digital recreations and a historic tent (Washington slept here)....
Television  United Airlines had the wrong person hauled away, said the host of “Jimmy Kimmel Live!”...
World  With the number of older people on the rise in China, longevity-themed tourism is blossoming. Take a 360 tour of Bama County, where visitors breathe in the air that is said to have healing powers....
World  A prominent Chinese state-run newspaper warned the North that it faced a cutoff of vital oil supplies if it dared test a nuclear weapon....
Television  “Toni Erdmann,” Maren Ade’s deliriously silly Oscar nominee, arrives on streaming platforms. And don’t miss Aisha Hinds as Harriet Tubman on “Underground.”...
Politics  Kansas’ Fourth Congressional District shifted 24 points toward Democrats in Tuesday’s special election....
Sports  Paulo Dybala scored twice in outshining his compatriot Lionel Messi as Juventus took the first leg of the teams’ Champions League quarterfinal, 3-0....
Travel  A whirlwind tour of the drinks scene in the Czech Republic’s second city....
Fashion & Style  Will it have robots? No checkout counters? Virtual fitting rooms? Almost anything seems possible....
Sports  Cespedes had a chance to join an elite club: Only 16 players have hit four in a game. Lucas Duda added two homers for the Mets, and Asdrubal Cabrera and Travis d’Arnaud had one each....
Politics  The new guidance is the next step in fulfilling President Trump’s ambition to reshape the federal bureaucracy into a lean, businesslike operation....
Television  Elizabeth and Philip bid someone a sad farewell and learn some troubling news about the past....
Music  “Centerfold,” “Freeze-Frame” and “Love Stinks” were among the band’s most popular songs....
Politics  Mr. Estes defeated James Thompson, the Democratic candidate, in the first national test of Republicans’ electoral strength and a contest that saw a late infusion of national support from Republicans....
World  The ruling by a judge on Brazil’s Supreme Court allows prosecutors to start new inquiries of at least eight ministers in Mr. Temer’s cabinet and much of the senate....
Sports  Mike Hamersky, a lawyer from Queens, said the Knicks were impeding his efforts to renew his season tickets after he yelled at James L. Dolan to sell the franchise....
Sports  N.H.L. teams put thought into five-on-six situations, preparing for them while protecting a lead or playing from behind. But finding time to practice their strategies can be difficult....
World  Accusations that President Trump is too close to Russia have given way to a new toughness demonstrated by the administration....
Travel  The buzz is about the revival of the MiMo Historic District, which is filling up with stylish shops, restaurants, bars and boutique hotels....
Sports  The Rangers lost all three of their meetings this season with the Canadiens, who will host a playoff opener Wednesday at Bell Centre....
Technology  Travis Kalanick, chief executive of the ride-sharing service, said Rachel Whetstone, the company’s head of policy and communications, was leaving of her own volition....
Sports  In the name of gender equity, the men-only, 50-kilometer event may be discontinued for the 2020 Games. But athletes, male and female, say that wouldn’t be fair to those training for it now....
World  The sale is intended to help Nigeria fight the militant group, but human rights groups say the country has not done enough to stop abuses....
World  Paola Clemente, 49, died in 2015 of a heart attack at a vineyard. An investigation found female laborers were routinely exploited and their pay skimmed....
World  In Syria, Nigeria and elsewhere, President Trump has inherited international crises where intervention efforts are likely to have only modest success....
Science  A new study traces the evolutionary history of ants throughout the Americas that cultivate fungus to feed themselves in underground chambers....
Sports  Conley became the Memphis franchise’s career scoring leader and achieved his highest per-game scoring average in the first year of a five-year deal....
Politics  Whether 157 pending applications in 36 countries risk violating the Constitution is an open question, as no president has tested the limits like Donald J. Trump....
Sports  Anthony, who has been hinting that it may be time for him to move on, will most likely sit out Wednesday’s game against the 76ers because of a lingering knee injury....
Music  Her soaring, gospel-rooted voice was heard on Broadway in “Inner City,” “Black and Blue” and her long-running one-woman show, “Me and Bessie.”...
Theater  Reviews were weak and the show has struggled since it opened on Dec. 11....
World  A Spanish court found no evidence that the Rev. Román Martínez had sexually abused an altar boy who later wrote to Pope Francis to detail his accusations....
Movies  A railroad worker dutifully turns in the cash he finds strewn across on the tracks but soon comes to regret it in this incisive, funny Bulgarian film....
Books  James Forman Jr. examines how people, acting with the best intentions, could create a problem even more devastating than the one they were trying to solve....
Real Estate  Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City....
Real Estate  A five-story townhouse in Lenox Hill, circa the early 1900s, has two duplex apartments and a retail space on the ground floor....
Fashion & Style  Saks, now untethered from its iconic address, sets out to explore a new New York....
World  As many as three explosions damaged the bus of Borussia Dortmund, forcing the postponement of a Champions League quarterfinal match....
Food  The latest from the team behind Café China, plans for Hudson Yards, and other restaurant news....
Politics  Representative Joe Wilson, Republican of South Carolina, encountered some heated pushback at a town hall event on Monday....
Food  Unlike the rest of the world, Americans turn to pork for the holiday. But this could be the year to start looking at another meat....
Politics  Mr. Spicer, the White House spokesman, apologized after incorrectly stating, in a criticism of the Syrian president, that Hitler had not used chemical weapons....
Politics  The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, in discussing President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, caused an immediate uproar on Tuesday after stating that Hitler had not used chemical weapons during World War II....
World  A U.S. official and a United Nations expert joined officials with the European Union in expressing concern about the measure, which would effectively shut Central European University....
Theater  Parody loves company: ‘Spamilton” will be down the street from the real thing....
Fashion & Style  The Flower Shop, on Eldridge Street, is the latest hangout for night-life early adopters....
World  Readers find their most interesting and memorable dining experiences not just in pricey special-occasion restaurants but also in unassuming bistros and coffee shops....
Art & Design  The Garage Museum took on the challenge of hosting the Triennial of Russian Contemporary Art, an uneven and ambitious showcase in Moscow....
Theater  Having written the music and lyrics to “Waitress,” the singer-songwriter says the show has been at the center of her world for years....
Technology  The Department of Justice accused a Russian of being a mastermind behind an enormous spam email operation that officials said drained people’s bank accounts....
Food  A home cook in Britain is coaxed into sharing her recipe....
World  The White House released a declassified four-page report that details United States intelligence on the chemical weapons attack, asserting that the Syrian and Russian governments have sought to confuse the world community about the assault through...
World  In a declassified report, White House officials said the Syrian and Russian governments sought to confuse the world about the assault through disinformation and “false narratives.”...
Art & Design  Mr. Stanczak, a leading figure in the Op Art movement, once said that creating art was his attempt to forget about war traumas in a Soviet labor camp....
Art & Design  The painter Julian Stanczak was a leading figure of the Op Art movement, which has recently attracted renewed interest....
Art & Design  The art dealer has just signed a lease for a 15,000-square-foot warehouse in Hollywood with plans to open a gallery there in the fall....
Food  At a yakitori restaurant in Hell’s Kitchen, each bit of the bird, cooked separately, has a different pleasure to offer....
Food  Minimalist yakitori at this Japanese restaurant in Hell’s Kitchen....
Sports  Coach Bill Straub’s focus on fundamentals has helped the Lady Cornhuskers achieve an unparalleled dominance in N.C.A.A. women’s bowling....
Economy  President Trump promised action against manipulation. But Beijing is now propping up the renminbi, not weakening it. The time to act was a decade ago....
Real Estate  After voters defeated a measure that would have curtailed construction, the city’s future looks much denser....
Technology  If the pop-up alerts that bring you news and information from your Mac’s apps disappear before you can read them, check the Notifications Center....
World  The blaze, following a fight between Afghan and Kurdish migrants, forced 1,500 people into the surrounding fields....
Fashion & Style  They’re not exactly basics like mascara and night cream, but who can’t use a little help in a busy life?...
Travel  Resorts in Nantucket, New Jersey and Maine are offering lower rates for spring stays....
Science  Guano in lake sediment showed that an Antarctic penguin colony was devastated three times during the past 7,000 years by volcanic eruptions....
World  A confluence of recent events has led some people to fear that the Trump administration might launch military strikes against the North’s nuclear and missile facilities....
Sports  His fate with the Knicks may be in doubt, but Anthony says he is committed to the team he owns in the North American Soccer League....
World  The traditional gift of betrothal, the tabua, has been made rarer and more expensive by whaling bans, but a secondhand market continues to thrive....
World  President Trump’s Twitter posts capture his quandary in dealing with the nuclear threat from North Korea: Only China can realistically force a change in the behavior of Kim Jong-un....
World  Ms. Chacón, a leading Socialist politician, became a symbol of the country’s progress toward gender equality....
Travel  A small Francophile community, lured by Harlem’s sense of community and storied history, has sprung up, and along with it have come French restaurants....
Travel  Every April, thousands join a trek to a mountaintop shrine in the province of Jaén. It’s also an occasion for pageantry, parades and dancing....
Books  In “Dig if You Will the Picture,” Ben Greenman tries to penetrate the mystery that was Prince....
World  Rakhmat Akilov, a 39-year-old Uzbek, was being held on suspicion of terrorist murder in the truck assault that killed four people....
World  The secretary of state said the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, must end his alliance with the Syrian leader, Bashar al-Assad, or risk becoming irrelevant in the Middle East....
Books  Hannah Tinti’s new novel, “The Twelve Lives of Samuel Hawley,” centers on the close relationship between a girl and her outlaw father....
Books  Bruce Feiler makes a case for the contemporary relevance of Adam and Eve in “The First Love Story.”...
World  Soldiers and the provincial police fought with the militants, who are known for beheading foreigners, on the island of Bohol, the military said....
Books  In our new column connecting readers with books, a busy dad seeks the new Updike and a grandmother hunts for heroines for her 7-year-old twin granddaughters....
Politics  With key staff positions unfilled and no on-site first lady, the White House is trying to organize the most elaborate and heavily scrutinized public event of the year....
Politics  The White House is as much as two months behind recent standards for presidential transitions, leaving 90 percent of the positions considered critical to leadership unfilled. It did, however, manage to order the eggs for the Easter Egg Roll....
Art & Design  In a Rhode Island city where mansions and the moneyed past are celebrated, questions have arisen over a zealous campaign to win a $25,000 preservation grant....
Politics  The revelations highlight the lax oversight at the A.T.F. that allowed agents and informants to spend millions while avoiding the normal accounting process....
Science  President Trump’s proposed budget cuts would nearly eliminate funding for the cleanup of the Chesapeake Bay. In this 360° video, visit an oyster restoration center and a cattle farm in Virginia to learn how a larger ecosystem may be affected....
Television  The comedian appeared on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” to talk about Mr. Rickles, who died last week....
World  State-run news outlets said the passenger was of Chinese descent, and social media users responded with charges of racism and calls for a boycott....
Politics  Read about how the other side thinks: Arguments against intervention from the right and left, why it’s O.K. that Trump has no “doctrine,” and the case for liberals to defend the Second Amendment....
World  The American attack has freed leaders in Washington and Moscow from the constraints that come with the perception of a special, friendly relationship....
Television  Love it or hate it, “La La Land” finally dances onto streaming services. And in “In a World … ,” Lake Bell writes herself a role worthy of her talents....
Sports  Isaiah Thomas had 27 points to lead Boston to a 114-105 victory over the Nets. Miami stayed alive with a 124-121 win over Cleveland, which played without LeBron James....
World  The metropolis that globalization created may well be the capital of the world. But after the “Brexit” referendum, its future as an international crossroads is far from certain....
Fashion & Style  The artist’s latest project: a metaphysical meditation on the eternal in the form of bags. His collaborator is Louis Vuitton....
Politics  Both Geoffrey Zakarian and José Andrés had been sued after they backed out of plans to open restaurants in the Trump International Hotel in Washington....
Technology  New research suggests that the fingerprint security features on iPhones and Android devices can be easily fooled by so-called MasterPrint fakes....
Sports  The Mets outfielder hit his third and fourth home runs of the season, the second a two-run shot that gave the team the lead in the eighth inning....
Television  No sign of “Saul,” but Jimmy’s right where we left him. As for the proprietor of a certain fast-food chicken chain ......
Politics  A special election in a district held by Republicans for over two decades has suddenly become competitive....
World  Routed in Libya, besieged in Iraq and wilting in Syria, the Islamic State intends to create a new sectarian battleground in Egypt where it can proclaim victory....
Music  An American who became a cultural go-between for generations of Bayaka people....
Sports  After waiting 108 years between titles, the Cubs returned as champions in their home opener, a first for Wrigley Field. And the raising of the World Series banner was appropriately held up by rain....
World  Administration officials have described starkly different foreign policies since last week’s cruise missile strike, and President Trump has yet to clarify....
Sports  Renovations such as outfield terraces, picnic areas and a children’s playground, as well as fresh faces on the field, had fans in a good mood on Monday....
Politics  Saying the economy was “pretty healthy,” the Federal Reserve chairwoman said the Fed was moving its focus to keeping growth on an even keel....
World  Delivery of the Boeing 777 would expedite the most significant business deal between Iran and the United States in nearly four decades....
Sports  Longoria, who has been on the wrong side of four no-hitters, doubled with two outs in the seventh against Michael Pineda to break up his perfect game....
Politics  Some Trump supporters called the chemical attack a hoax, and some critics said the airstrike was staged. Both sides have flimsy proof....
Sports  With John Tavares headed into the final year of his contract, goaltender Jaroslav Halak’s future a question mark, and rumors of a potential move, the off-season is already filled with intrigue....
Sports  Two elite players set to go head-to-head in the N.B.A. playoffs: Robinson recalls his battle with Hakeem Olajuwon in the 1995 Western Conference finals....
Technology  The ride-hailing service said gross bookings rose to $20 billion in 2016, double the amount in 2015, and net revenue totaled $6.5 billion....
Music  A dreamlike dance, a delightfully deflating cello encore and Iberian folk forms were among the highlights....
World  The evacuations highlighted the prevalence of siege warfare in Syria and the extent to which prolonged violence has altered the human fabric of communities there....
Politics  The prospect of Stephen K. Bannon’s dismissal has brought renewed attention to the inner workings of President Trump’s White House, a fractious ecosystem of competing centers of power....
Music  He’s a superstar rapper who has avoided the life of a superstar rapper. In a new HBO special, “J. Cole: 4 Your Eyez Only,” he shows fans what he’d rather think about....
Technology  The permit is the clearest signal yet that the company wants to enter an intensely competitive sector by designing or building autonomous vehicle technology....
Television  Beyond that heralded TV series and plays for television, Mr. Morahan’s career spanned the stage and film....
Music  Hear the new songs that mattered this week, from Frank Ocean's collaboration with Jay Z to the latest from Amadou & Mariam....
Your Money  A new book by David Callahan, who tracks major charitable donations and their outcomes (good and bad), depicts the outsize power of the very rich....
Television  HBO’s political comedy still delivers the laughs, but they sound a little hollow these days....
Art & Design  In “The Evanesced,” Kenyatta A.C. Hinkle uses drawings and dance to bring attention to the disturbing reality of black women who have vanished....
Technology  Mr. Taylor’s work was instrumental in the creation of the internet, the modern personal computer and the mouse....
Music  The “St. John” has been accused of fanning bigotry, but judging from recent performances and recordings, it has much to teach us today....
Sports  The Steelers’ longtime chairman helped shape modern pro football but remained grounded. He stayed in touch with old friends and former players....
Sports  Hernandez, the former Patriots player accused of killing Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in a drive-by shooting, is already serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder....
Politics  The White House also said it was ending the contract for the website that contains the visitor log data as well as financial disclosure and salary information for employees....
Music  Several themed program clusters in the Elbphilharmonie’s sold-out opening season have focused attention on music from across the Atlantic....
Sports  Anthony retains a no-trade clause that gives him final say over where he is dealt, but Jackson, the team president, made his preference clear....
World  George Guido Lombardi offers the intoxicating possibility of access to President Trump to Europe’s energized right-wing politicians....
World  Remembering a World War I battle fought by Canadian troops in France, which some believe helped bring Canada together as a nation....
World  Two people were held in connection with the murders last month of officials sent to investigate a rebellion, although one suspect subsequently escaped....
Real Estate  Properties in the Financial District, Kips Bay and in Greenpoint, Brooklyn....
Real Estate  This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Leonia, N.J., and a three-bedroom in Hartsdale, N.Y....
Real Estate  This week’s properties include a loft in the Financial District, a one-bedroom in Kips Bay, and a two-bedroom in Greenpoint, Brooklyn....
Real Estate  This week’s properties include a four-bedroom in Leonia, N.J., and a three-bedroom in Hartsdale, N.Y....
Real Estate  Recent residential sales in New York City and the region....
Movies  The official trailer is filled with images of characters from “The Force Awakens” but leaves plenty of mystery about what is to come....
Food  Some worried that legalized cannabis would infringe on the wine business, but the two industries have embraced their shared agricultural base....
World  Mr. Rouhani, who helped end the country’s isolation with a nuclear deal with major powers, registered on Friday to run in the May 19 election....
Food  Stuffing a butterflied tenderloin with shallots, herbs and capers keeps the dryness-prone meat juicy and giving....
Food  Sautéed shallots, capers and herbs add extra layers of flavor to this one-pot meal....
Books  The recently reissued “Killings” collects pieces of Calvin Trillin’s true-crime writing for The New Yorker....
Books  “Nevertheless” debuts at No. 5 on the hardcover nonfiction best-seller list....
World  Tourism fell after assaults in January and November 2015, but statistics suggest France will maintain its status as the world’s most-visited country....
Fashion & Style  A Saudi princess departs as editor in chief of a new Condé Nast title, leaving behind suggestive Instagram posts. Her replacement? A company veteran....
Your Money  Many colleges are willing to reduce tuition, even beyond what has been offered in financial aid. And some advisers will help with that....
Music  In three years, the duo has had several hits while offending all sorts of people. What does its sound say about EDM? A panel discussion, on Popcast....
Fashion & Style  Benefits were held recently for Save Venice, the DVF Awards and UJA-Federation of New York....
Technology  The South Pacific nation has recently been running a municipal program to lure more coders and engineers from the United States and around the world....
Fashion & Style  Benefits were held last week for Save Venice, the DVF Awards, the UJA-Federation of New York and the Vilcek Foundation....
World  The 7-year-old, now a refugee in Turkey, hopes her book, to be published by Simon & Schuster, will “bring peace to children all over the world.”...
Sports  At the BBC, polite consideration for those who follow soccer the old-fashioned way....
Movies  The director explains the challenges and thrills of filming in Havana, where his team was the first to shoot a sequence for a Hollywood film in more than 50 years....
World  The attacker, a Palestinian man with a history of mental illness, was subdued by an off-duty police officer and another passenger....
Music  The California event that defined the spirit of the Summer of Love, and gave Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin a boost, will rise again in June at 50....
Movies  Adam Leon’s film, making its debut on April 21, will bypass theatrical release altogether after acclaim at the Toronto International Film Festival....
Music  Geopolitics and pop culture clash as Ukraine bars Russia's entry into the 2017 Eurovision contest because of a visit by the contestant, Yulia Samoylova, to Crimea....
Books  Chris Hayes talks about “A Colony in a Nation,” and Jason Zinoman discusses “Letterman: The Last Giant of Late Night.”...
Food  We wouldn’t lead you astray: Amanda Hesser’s chicken with Coke and lemon, unearthed from the archives, is worth your time....
Real Estate  A pair of sisters and their husbands and a pair of two-bedroom apartments — all in the same Queens rental building....
Real Estate  After a bitter negotiation, a new condominium development begins selling its first units in Cobble Hill, where the Long Island College Hospital used to be....
Real Estate  We calculated how much can millennials save by sharing a larger apartment in six cities....
Technology  You can customize the information the Google app shows you, including the stocks you want to follow and other news that interests you....
Technology  Uber is diving headlong into India, where it must face the sobering realities of analog life in a rapidly developing country....
Theater  The former Broadway musical is to be the first production at the new museum....
Real Estate  The estate of George and Anne Lichtblau, listed for $8.5 million, was designed by Allan Greenberg....
Sports  Noah Syndergaard gave up more stolen bases than any other pitcher last season. Here is why....
Television  Mr. Theroux discusses the third and final season of the supernatural television drama “The Leftovers,” his character’s beard and his next film....
Books  In Jean McNeil’s novel “The Dhow House,” East Africa’s violent unrest threatens a privileged white family....
World  Rakhmat Akilov, whose bid for asylum in Sweden was rejected, had also encouraged others to fight for the militant group, Uzbekistan’s foreign minister said....
World  Beijing urged an end to “mutual provocation and threats,” cautioning that tensions on the Korean Peninsula could run out of control....
World  Cairo was decorated with flags for the reading of the Firman, a royal decree marking the formal investiture of Egypt&#8217;s Khedive, or Ottoman viceroy.
World  Ahn Cheol-soo has become a leading contender for president, offering hope to conservatives and others alarmed by the North’s nuclear and missile threats....
Books  Brian Doyle’s “The Adventures of John Carson in Several Quarters of the World” is an affectionate homage to the author of “Treasure Island” anchored in the months he spent living in San Francisco....
Books  In “Martin Luther,” Lyndal Roper explores the theologian’s life and improbable career....
Books  Readers respond to Fran Lebowitz, Angus Deaton’s review “The Crisis of the Middle-Class Constitution” and more....
Music  This superstar soprano has been retiring her signature roles one by one, and however her career evolves, she should be proud of this magnificent performance at the Met....
Fashion & Style  Seven couples chose a pizza chain for their wedding ceremony and reception. And it was all free — photography, officiant, food and drink included....
Travel  Mister Jiu’s is lush and welcoming, with intriguing combinations of flavors and traditions....
World  Officials were still trying to assess the damage from the American military’s biggest conventional bomb, which was dropped on an Islamic State cave complex....
Politics  Some on the right say they feel betrayed, but others endorse the president’s lack of rigidity and are rallying around him under what they see as relentless attacks....
World  The largely human errors that lead American bombs and missiles to kill civilians or allies by mistake....
Your Money  In the high-stakes casino of fertility treatment, some pay large sums upfront for the promise of a baby — or a refund. Doctors tend to pick patients with the best odds of success....
Real Estate  With vacant lots hard to come by and buyers clamoring for ever-larger homes, even a house built little more than a decade ago might be a candidate for a teardown....
World  Despite government promises, more than 200 girls kidnapped from their school in Chibok, Nigeria, are still prisoners of a marauding, murderous terror group....
Theater  59 Productions has turned its talents to the mind-bending detective novel “City of Glass”...
Books  James Forman Jr.’s “Locking Up Our Own” and Chris Hayes’s “A Colony in a Nation” compel readers to wrestle with very tough questions about racism, inequality and punishment....
Books  Through excerpts from her notebooks, Joan Didion recounts a monthlong road trip through the Gulf states during the 1970s in “South and West.”...
Books  In “Never Out of Season,” Robert Dunn looks at how modern societies make themselves vulnerable to crop devastation....
Real Estate  Professional stagers and photographers offer their secrets for making a house look better in real estate or Airbnb listings — or just on Instagram....
Travel  Skip the peak season, consider regions that aren’t in the spotlight, and eat like a local. (Trattorias recommended.)...
Real Estate  With vacant lots hard to come by and buyers clamoring for ever-larger homes, even a house built little more than a decade ago might be a candidate for a teardown....
Television  Canada is poised to legalize recreational marijuana. The host of “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” thought Canadians were pretty relaxed on that subject already....
Real Estate  Staging your home to sell? Or just want to make it look irresistible on social media? Watch in 360 video as a Williamsburg loft listed for $1,295,000 at Corcoran.com is transformed to make it photo-ready....
Sports  The victory took so much more than normal to accomplish: The game featured 509 combined pitches thrown and 43 combined players....
Politics  Read about how the other side thinks: Why the administration needs Stephen K. Bannon, the “brilliant incoherence” of President Trump’s foreign policy, and an argument against the first 100 days metric....
Sports  When outfielder Juan Lagares returned from injury on Thursday, the Mets sent reliever Paul Sewald, not Conforto, to Class AAA Las Vegas....
Television  “Fortitude,” which brought terror to Norway, moves to Amazon Prime and adds Dennis Quaid. And the “Mystery Science Theater 3000” reboot is on Netflix....
World  Embedded with Iraqi special forces, Ben C. Solomon was on the front lines in Mosul when a threat came from above: An ISIS drone dropping a grenade....
World  That is the fundamental question Turkish voters will decide in Sunday’s vote on whether to expand the powers of the presidency....
World  President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is engaged in a fierce row with several European nations over what he calls a crucial referendum. Not all Turkish expatriates agree....
World  Turks overseas were asked for their views on a referendum to expand the powers of the presidency. The responses varied, but tying them together was a deep sense of concern....
Sports  Ken Hitchcock, who led Dallas to its only Stanley Cup title in 1999, once led the Stars to five straight division titles....
Technology  A program to offer developers jobs was flooded with more than 48,000 applications as many in the field look for distance from the political polarization in the United States and Europe....
World  Two of the French candidate’s associates have longtime links to Nazi sympathizers and have been central to the National Front’s campaign finance scandals....
Sports  Severino pitched seven dominant innings, striking out a career-high 11 batters, and Hicks drove in all three of the Yankees runs, with two homers, one from each side of the plate....
Theater  Bartlett Sher’s masterly production of J.T. Rogers’s drama about the Oslo Accords is reborn as the colossus it was always meant to be....
Politics  President Trump, the first occupant of the White House never to serve in government or the military, discovers some issues are more complex than he knew....
Politics  The president’s tone differs from that of Republicans in Congress, who have repeatedly promised a smooth transition away from the law they call Obamacare....
Sports  After winning their fourth straight National League West title, the Dodgers fell to the Cubs in the postseason. This year, Los Angeles hopes to get past Chicago and into its first World Series since 1988....
Sports  Plum, the top pick in the W.N.B.A. draft on Thursday, is a prolific lefty like Harden. But she hopes that female players will soon be a measuring stick....
Health  The company continued to ship the products before recalling them in October, failing to alert patients or doctors of several cases of battery problems....
Politics  Mr. Pompeo’s attack on WikiLeaks was the latest sign that the Trump administration does not see itself beholden to past statements or stances....
Sports  Cerv, an outfielder and slugger who was a backup in three stints with the Mickey Mantle-era Yankees, also played for the Athletics, with whom he was an All-Star in 1958; the Angels; and the Colt .45s....
Politics  The officers, who were not identified, were on duty last month when a California man scaled a fence and roamed the grounds for 17 minutes....
Sports  Jackson is scheduled to talk with New York reporters on Friday after conducting exit interviews with the team’s players....
World  More than 100 were injured in the blaze, and others were still missing, after the government had warned religious leaders about potential fire hazards....
World  The United States dropped the most powerful nonnuclear bomb in its arsenal on what it said was an ISIS cave complex in remote Afghanistan. The bomb — called the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast — can obliterate everything within a 1,000-yar...
Movies  The New York Times film critics review “The Fate of the Furious,” “The Lost City of Z” and “Norman."...
Politics  President Trump has reversed himself on several longstanding positions over the past week....
Movies  What’s it like to be a female fan at a horror convention? Fifteen women spill their guts....
Real Estate  The Palladian-style house in New Canaan is one of about 20 in Connecticut designed by the classical architect Allan Greenberg....
Art & Design  Our guide to new art shows, and some that will be closing soon....
Movies  Our guide to film series and special screenings....
Movies  The director Jason Connery’s staid biopic is about the 19th-century golf pioneer Tom Morris and his son, with class conflict as a backdrop....
Sports  Rooney began his time with the team as a water boy at age 9 and helped build one of the most successful franchises in N.F.L. history....
Movies  Teenage anxiety (voiced by Dash Shaw, Lena Dunham and others) takes a back seat to survival after an earthquake hits a cliffside high school....
Movies  In following nomads on a mission in Morocco, this tale considers the fortifying power of faith, while scrambling the viewer’s sense of time....
Sports  The Hall of Fame usually collects game-used equipment immediately after the final game of the World Series and is still seeking items to display from the Cubs....
Movies  The documentary explores the artworks and pranks of an Italian trickster....
Movies  A family ventures beyond the bubble of gentrified Brooklyn to a small town and is thrown out of its comfort zone....
Movies  This documentary looks at a Guatemalan village that was wiped out during a civil war, and searches for one of the few survivors....
Movies  John Scheinfeld’s documentary about John Coltrane draws on interviews, including those with Bill Clinton, Carlos Santana and Cornel West....
Movies  In examining a violent suppression of university protesters in Bangkok, this film uses a mutating narrative to reflect the impossibility of revisiting history....
Movies  A Polish film follows its young protagonist as he flirts, attends parties until dawn and gyrates to a perpetual backbeat....
Music  Our guide to the city’s best classical music and opera....
Movies  F. Gary Gray narrates a sequence from his film featuring Vin Diesel and Celestino Cornielle....
Television  Ms. See’s success in commercials for products like American Express, Thomas’s English Muffins and Tide led her to start the Actors in Advertising School....
Books  The doyenne of mysteries is best known for Poirot and Miss Marple. But her less famous detectives are the ones who keep this reader coming back....
Music  Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz....
Movies  Charlie Hunnam stars in this period adventure story about love, loss and mystery in the Amazon from the director James Gray....
Books  “Sympathy,” Olivia Sudjic’s debut novel about social media obsession and digital heartbreak, tracks the dark side of online companionship....
Books  This week’s crime column features two familiar sleuths, V.I. Warshawski and Lincoln Rhyme, as well as a disgraced reporter and a Victorian detective....
Art & Design  The famous flowchart of Modern art’s evolution simply doesn’t apply in “Making Space: Women Artists and Postwar Abstraction.”...
Theater  Previews, openings and some last-chance picks....
Books  Six new paperbacks to check out this week....
Movies  Life, death and a heart transplant are at the center of this French film that moves among three distinct groups....
Art & Design  Christina Forrer’s malevolent weavings; a nod to Harold Edgerton’s 1962 photo “Bullet Through Glass”; Scooter LaForge channels the downtown scene of the 1980s; and more....
Art & Design  The Museum of the American Revolution in Philadelphia tells a grittier, more populist account of events that meant different things to different people....
Movies  The Quad has gotten a modern makeover. Charles S. Cohen, the owner, explains why a theater makes sense in an age of screens in the palm of your hand....
Books  Suggested reading from critics and editors at The New York Times....
Science  It is peak season for grunion runs, when the fish race onto shore to mate and leave eggs that will develop under inches of sand....
Sports  Matt Bonner, a fan favorite in San Antonio for 10 seasons, has moved quickly into his new role as a studio analyst for Spurs’ broadcasts. The cheap ties? They’re new....
Sports  Atkinson, who said he had been told repeatedly that he was too small to make it in hockey, sent Columbus into the playoffs on a high note....
World  The mission, often a source of embarrassment to the world body, is arguably best known for introducing a deadly strain of cholera to the country....
Television  John Ridley’s new Showtime series, with Idris Elba and Freida Pinto, is a taut study of the militant passions in Britain in the early 1970s....
Food  At a small restaurant in East Williamsburg, the usual Middle Eastern dishes turn intense: brighter, earthier, smokier, creamier....
Food  A beloved Lebanese chef returns to the kitchen in this takeout spot in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn....
Movies  Disney animated shorts and merchandise will celebrate female characters. The initiative comes after critics took the company to task over lack of gender parity....
World  A new version of the most powerful conventional bomb in the American arsenal, so big it had to be dropped from a cargo plane, was used for the first time in combat....
World  An article in The New York Times about the fate of the British capital post-“Brexit” generated a spirited trans-Atlantic discussion....
Politics  The legislation nullifies a rule barring state and local governments from withholding federal funding for family planning services, regardless of whether they performed abortions....
Science  Data from the Cassini spacecraft suggest that hydrothermal vents could provide ingredients for microbes or other forms of alien life to exist....
Art & Design  The sculptor Steve Tobin says his work was to be permanently on-site; the church, which moved it to Connecticut, had no comment on the litigation....
Art & Design  Patsy Tarr displays artists who commune with choreographers....
Technology  The nation is “flying blind” into a new era of automation and artificial intelligence, the authors of a National Academies study warned....
World  A spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor in Germany said there wasn’t enough evidence to link the man to the bombing of a soccer team’s bus, but that he should remain in detention....
Movies  Cynthia Nixon brings a great 19th-century American poet to vivid life in Terence Davies’s new film....
World  President Bashar al-Assad doubled down on denials of responsibility for the attack, contending the episode had been staged as a pretext for a U.S. strike....
Technology  YouTube’s Super Chat feature gives creators on the video site a new way to make money by charging audience members to have their comments highlighted during live streams....
World  Reports have emerged of large-scale abductions and abuse of men perceived to be gay or bisexual carried out by security forces....
World  The bill, which is expected to pass, would make Canada the second nation to completely legalize marijuana as a consumer product....
Technology  Apple’s own texting app for iOS 10 includes easy ways to liven up your interactions with other iMessage users....
Sports  James Kaprielian, who pitched well this spring, is believed to be at least the 15th pitcher in the organization to have Tommy John surgery in the past two years....
Sports  The team hired Gerard Gallant, most recently the head coach of the Florida Panthers, who fired him on Nov. 28 after they stumbled to an 11-10-1 start....
Science  Blame physics and “weak” knots for unraveled laces, a phenomenon researchers called “sudden and catastrophic.”...
World  The Globo network’s suspension of José Mayer was applauded by an increasingly active movement that has long denounced deep-seated sexism in Brazil....
Art & Design  In “The Theater of Disappearance,” the young Argentine Adrián Villar Rojas installs his sculptures atop millenniums of art history....
World  As a candidate, Donald J. Trump disparaged the alliance. But as president, and facing a fresh conflict with Russia, he now embraces the organization as a pillar of security....
Fashion & Style  That would be for a friend to record them in the act. Also: exclusion from group texts, same-sex marriage confusion and turning down a would-be weekend guest....
Television  A gay rights group and some social media users roundly condemned Jeff Varner, a participant on the show, for accusing a rival of being deceptive....
Fashion & Style  A songwriter found love after agreeing to help a music school classmate compose a song for an ailing friend....
World  The deaths were the third instance in a month of American-led airstrikes possibly killing civilians or allies in the fight against the Islamic State....
Music  Christine Goerke nearly quit opera after vocal troubles, but painstakingly remade herself into America’s reigning dramatic diva....
Sports  It’s a good time to be a sports fan in the city. But it wasn’t always that way....
World  Trade was up over all in the first quarter, even though Beijing said it had complied with United Nations sanctions and stopped buying coal....
Sports  Will the Cavaliers and Warriors meet in the finals for the third year in a row? Who will win the superstar battle between Russell Westbrook and James Harden?...
Movies  Sofia Coppola, Noah Baumbach, Todd Haynes and Michael Haneke will be among the directors competing for this year’s Palme d’Or....
World  Malaysia’s decision to free the North Korean suspects ended chances of bringing the real culprits to justice, say lawyers for the two women accused in the killing....
Sports  Although the Knicks beat the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night, the victory meant nothing. It was the contrast in team philosophies that was striking....
World  The authorities violated human rights law when they stormed a school seized by Chechen militants, resulting in the deaths of some 330 hostages, the court ruled....
World  Britain announced that it will defy any attempts by Spain to close a wide area around Gibraltar to air traffic.
Books  The journalist and author of “Becoming Grandma” says Ann Patchett’s “Bel Canto” reminded her of Gabriel García Márquez, a high compliment: “My all-time favorite book . . . is ‘Love in the Time of Cholera.’”...
Books  Adam Kirsch and Liesl Schillinger discuss the art yielded by populist and elite mind-sets....
Movies  ‘Norman: The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer,’ Joseph Cedar’s latest film, pits Jew against Jew on the fringes of power and influence....
Television  Ms. Coon, a Chicago-based actress, was as surprised as anyone to have been cast in “Fargo” as “The Leftovers” was wrapping up....
Travel  Charm City has raised the charm quotient, with hip cocktail bars, coffeehouses and a quirky historic appeal....
Real Estate  Mark Normand, a stand-up comic, found a home in the West Village when he stopped looking to rent and decided to buy....
Television  The HBO series begins its final season on Sunday....
World  The ubiquity of motorcycles shapes daily life in this Afghan city, where they outnumber cars by more than two to one....
Television  Jimmy Kimmel wondered whether President Trump thought the Easter Egg Roll “was a menu item at P. F. Chang’s.”...
Television  Go for thrills with “The Blackcoat’s Daughter,” directed by Osgood Perkins, with “Psycho” in its DNA. Or steam things up with “The Handmaiden,” on Amazon Prime....
Sports  Anthony scored 17 points but sat out the final 15 minutes of a 1-point victory as the Knicks finished the season 31-51 and faced the potential loss of their star....
World  The country’s top prosecutor sought this week to use a colonial-era law to commit a prominent critic of President Yoweri Museveni after a series of Facebook posts....
World  President Bashar al-Assad’s willingness to use chemical weapons is driven by his own grim strategy, but also by the fundamental nature of the Syrian conflict....
World  On President Jacob Zuma’s birthday, tens of thousands of people protested outside his office in Pretoria, South Africa, calling on him to quit....
Travel  The star of the new series “Bill Nye Saves the World” always takes gaffer tape, a fountain pen, bow ties and a checklist so he doesn’t forget them....
Sports  Boston beat Milwaukee and Cleveland lost to Toronto on the final day of the N.B.A.’s regular season, for which several teams rested their best players....
Sports  The club fell to Monaco, 3-2, in the first leg of its Champions League quarterfinal a day after three explosions targeted its bus....
Sports  Wheeler shut out Philadelphia before loading the bases in the sixth inning, and although his relief gave up a grand slam, the Mets’ one-run advantage held up....
Sports  Lundqvist made 31 saves and Tanner Glass provided all the support he needed with a first-period goal against the Canadiens in Montreal....
Sports  The first championship Cubs since 1907 and 1908 (when the players received gold pendants) were awarded rings featuring diamonds for each of the 108 years of the club’s drought....
Theater  This magician’s “In & Of Itself” is a solo show about how we see ourselves and how others see us....
Politics  To get permission to wiretap Carter Page, an adviser to the Trump campaign, last summer, the Justice Department had to show probable cause that he was acting as a Russian agent....
World  Growing evidence suggests that North Korea may soon conduct another underground detonation in its effort to make nuclear arms....
World  Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said after meeting President Vladimir V. Putin that Russia and the United States needed to “put an end to this steady degradation.”...
Television  This week’s show is essentially a one-woman performance....
Sports  Despite a poor won-loss record, and intrigue about where Carmelo Anthony may end up, New York has been an interesting experience for the team’s new players....
Politics  Startling shifts on China and the Export-Import Bank and the possible reappointment of the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve show financiers may be gaining the upper hand over the populists....
Sports  The team said that Noah, suspended last month for a positive drug test, had had a rotator cuff problem since January and that doctors had recommended surgery....
Television  Mr. Murphy is best known for a skit in which he would spoof himself, regaling viewers with stories of his encounters with celebrities like Rick James....
World  Even as an E.U. official said that Central European University should operate “undisturbed,” Hungary’s government appeared to be having second thoughts....
Books  Ms. McKissack looked for children’s literature about black history and saw a void. So she filled it, writing more than 100 books....
Technology  Newly obtained documents show how the American Hotel and Lodging Association is taking steps to curb the online short-term rental company....
Technology  Pages from a 2016 American Hotel and Lodging Association document outlining plans to fend off Airbnb in the coming year....
Politics  As President Trump approaches 100 days in office, here's a look at the miles he has logged, relative to Presidents Obama and Bush....
Sports  The union called the Knicks president’s comments on Anthony’s future “inappropriate.” A player could be disciplined for similar statements, the union said....
World  The former governor of Veracruz state, accused of diverting millions of dollars meant for social programs, was found in Guatemala after disappearing in October....
World  Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s advisers depict him as a kind of French Bernie Sanders, but with no strong party establishment to block his way....
World  Throughout the countryside, once graceful buildings are being targeted for their antique architectural elements. A mayor is fighting to save them....
Politics  Presidents often travel during first months in office and push a policy agenda. But without clear priorities, President Trump has stuck closer to home....
Music  The rapper reflects on interior concerns on his “tart and punchy” fourth studio album, “DAMN.”...
Sports  After breaking up a potential no-hitter in the eighth inning and rallying for two runs to tie the game in the top of the ninth, the Mets lost on a J.T. Riddle home run....
World  At a recent military parade, North Korea displayed several missiles at a time of heightened tensions with the United States. Here's a closer look at what some of them are designed to do....
Books  The actor talks about his new book, which details his “always-changing, ever-fascinating” relationship to spirituality, and particularly Judaism....
Theater  “Come From Away” has brought together an actress and the real-life pilot who broke barriers and whose flight was diverted to Newfoundland on 9/11....
Politics  Mr. Conaway, a Texas Republican who is the chairman of the Agriculture Committee, is the accidental heir to a potentially explosive investigation....
Movies  Though he was born and raised in the Northwest, Mr. James often played a convincing Southerner in films like “Cool Hand Luke” and “Live and Let Die.”...
Sports  Lyle insists he doesn’t belong with those honored at Yankee Stadium. But on the 40th anniversary of his Cy Young season, and a Yankees title, many say he does....
Movies  The latest chapter in the car-racing franchise took in $532.5 million worldwide in its opening weekend, one of the largest arrivals on record....
Technology  Microsoft and Facebook have rolled out competing tools. But Slack’s chief executive says small tech companies with new ideas have a history of defeating the big guys....
Sports  George Eddy began his sportscasting career on Canal Plus in 1985, and his exuberant Frenglish soon won him, and American basketball, fans....
Sports  The loss left Chelsea, the current league leader, four points ahead of Tottenham with six games left....
World  Video showing the man apparently being used as a human shield heightened tensions with Kashmir’s separatist movement, which has repeatedly called for election boycotts....
Sports  In San Antonio’s first postseason game since Tim Duncan’s retirement, signs of continued dominance were everywhere....
World  The Walled Off Hotel, opened by the British artist Banksy across an alley from the West Bank wall that separates Israelis from Palestinians, bears witness and whimsy....
Music  Mr. Langhorne played on many influential folk-rock albums, most notably Bob Dylan’s landmark “Bringing It All Back Home.”...
Food  Ham or lamb, or flattened chicken thighs with roasted lemon: Eating is looking mighty bright....
Television  Maia finally finds the boldness to start making her mark. Her father doesn’t lack that trait....
Politics  The vice president is beginning a 10-day tour of Asia and will meet Monday with the acting president of South Korea....
World  Aya Hijazi, who founded a nonprofit to care for street children in Cairo, was accused of human trafficking in a case rights groups called “a travesty.”...
Travel  Watch a 360° video of the Wyoming national park, which reported a record 4.8 million visitors last year....
Television  A new season of “Veep” proves that, where politics are concerned, truth really is stranger than fiction. And “Girls” bids us farewell as Hannah learns about choices....
Sports  LeBron James, playing in his 200th playoff game, had 32 points, 13 assists and 6 rebounds for Cleveland while winning his 18th straight first-round game....
Fashion & Style  The bride, an ophthalmologist, and the groom, who is studying for an M.B.A., met in Philadelphia through a mutual friend....
Fashion & Style  She is a director of merchandising for Theory. He is an executive at Flight Club, which sells rare sneakers. They met while working for Gap....
Fashion & Style  The bride and groom graduated from Bocconi University in Milan; they were married at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau....
Fashion & Style  She is a recruiter for a financial services executive search firm and he is an investment director for CVC Capital....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met at Northwestern, were married by their sisters in Chicago....
Fashion & Style  The bride and groom are fourth-year medical students at the University of Michigan....
Fashion & Style  The couple met as summer associates at a law firm in New York. They’re now lawyers in Washington....
Fashion & Style  She is a clinical psychologist, and he is a government contractor. They met while working at the Four Seasons in Washington....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met in April 2015, were married at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau....
World  The main opposition demanded a recount and warned that the vote might cement authoritarian rule within one of the critical power brokers of the Middle East....
Fashion & Style  Unpublished photos from the past six years of the Easter Parade on Fifth Avenue....
Fashion & Style  The couple met through Match.com....
Fashion & Style  The couple met during freshman orientation at Columbia....
Sports  DeGrom went seven innings and struck out 13 batters, tying a career high. But Fernando Salas gave up a two-run homer to tie the game and a go-ahead solo shot....
Sports  The Washington State Patrol said that Chyna Thomas, 22, died at the scene on Interstate 5 after a single-car crash at about 5 a.m. Saturday....
Sports  Reyes, a career .289 hitter entering the season, is off to the worst start in his major league tenure. Mets hitting coaches are busy seeking an answer why....
Politics  Hundreds marched near Mar-a-Lago in Florida, and thousands gathered in Washington and other cities across the country....
Sports  St. Louis pitcher Carlos Martinez neutralized his 11-strikeout performance with eight walks, throwing 118 pitches in the Yankees’ sixth straight victory....
World  A dump that collapsed on a residential neighborhood on Friday killed at least 19, buried scores of homes and sent many more residents fleeing....
World  The bomb attack interrupted a deal between the government and the rebels to evacuate people from four villages that have suffered prolonged sieges....
Sports  A series of contretemps, including a player’s boycott and a rules imbroglio, have placed the tour squarely in the intersection of politics and sport....
Art & Design  An exhibition at the Guggenheim Museum will include an aroma derived from Asian-American women and ants, and bacteria from Manhattan’s Chinatown and Koreatown....
Sports  It was the last time anyone saw what’s left of Capt. Bill Curtis, who changed saltwater fly-fishing and inspired characters in books....
World  The number of Mexicans kicked out of the United States actually fell at the start of President Trump’s term, but politicians and others in Mexico have seized on the issue....
World  The inquiry, which targets many prominent Americans, was announced a day before a national referendum to expand the powers of Turkey’s president....
Politics  President Trump is populating the federal government with former lobbyists who in many cases are influencing policy in industries where they were recently paid....
Politics  As the president has soured on Stephen K. Bannon, Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump have emerged as President Trump’s most important advisers, at least for now....
Sports  Pierre McGuire, who originated the “Inside the Glass” role on NBC, is broadcasting eight games in eight days in six cities to open the playoffs....
World  Attacks on two churches that killed 45 people remind Copts of a 2011 bombing that has never been solved....
Sports  No current combination of catcher and starting pitcher has lasted longer than the Cardinals’ Yadier Molina and Adam Wainwright....
World  Guo Wengui, a real estate magnate now living abroad, has described a fierce business struggle that he says reveals corruption in the party’s top ranks....
Politics  Supporters say the plan would limit “frivolous lawsuits” and cut health costs; critics say it would take rights away from patients served by federal programs....
Sports  The best road team in the N.H.L. continues its playoff series at Madison Square Garden, where the crowd noise hits impressive levels only on occasion....
World  The women of Bihar State, one of India’s poorest, have enthusiastically welcomed a strict prohibition law, and often take matters into their own hands....
World  German officials believe that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, whose power could be expanded by a vote on Sunday, is using a decades-old arrangement between the countries to spy on opponents....
Real Estate  The landlord forgot to mention that the toilet won’t flush toilet paper. Is that grounds for breaking a lease?...
Technology  Mike Isaac and Nicole Perlroth discuss the week’s technology news, including Burger King’s latest stunt with Google Home devices....
Fashion & Style  She felt the chemistry at a Halloween party and later planted a kiss on him at a Kentucky Derby party....
World  Former President Hamid Karzai called his successor “a traitor” for allowing the United States to drop a giant bomb in Afghanistan....
Politics  A march on the traditional tax deadline will highlight the fact that Mr. Trump is the first president since the 1970s not to release his tax returns. Its mascot: an inflatable chicken....
Fashion & Style  Fired from her job with the French fashion brand, Ms. Chiquet emerged with a new career plan and a new relationship....
World  The timing was an embarrassment for Kim Jong-un, because the launch appeared to have been intended to coincide with the approach of a fleet of American warships....
World  A mountain of evidence has been compiled against Syrian officials for war crimes from torture to summary killings. But there is no clear path to justice....
Theater  "The Hairy Ape" at the Park Avenue Armory uses a turntable stage that rotates around the audience and, at 140 feet in diameter, is the largest in the modern history of New York theater. In this 360 video, hop on for one of the rotations....
Sports  A deal that brought Carlos Tevez and Javier Mascherano to West Ham in 2006 was unprecedented in having offshore companies control the players’ rights....
Television  “Suicide Squad,” loathed by critics but loved at the box office, arrives on HBO. And Peter Capaldi, of “Doctor Who,” crosses over to its new spinoff, “Class.”...
Sports  Worn out by a 16-inning victory over Miami the day before, the Mets’ relievers couldn’t come through on Friday night. Josh Edgin gave up a run-scoring double in the bottom of the ninth....
Sports  Carew, 71, received the heart and kidney of a former Jets player, Konrad Reuland, in December. It is believed to have been the first such transplant involving professional athletes....
Theater  Three days before the musical was set to open, its star hurt his knee. Saturday performances have been affected, and impact on opening night is unclear....
Sports  The Montreal Canadiens evened their first-round playoff series with the Rangers at one game apiece with a late regulation goal and an overtime winner....
Politics  Filings showed that Mr. Trump’s campaign and the Republican Party together brought in over $30 million in the first three months of the year....
Sports  Chapman, who faced the Cardinals often with the Reds and the Cubs, had not given up a run to St. Louis in more than five years....
World  As a microbiologist, he found that the drug Lamivudine was effective against H.I.V., and he later became a global champion of AIDS treatment and awareness....
Sports  Hardin led the Midshipmen to five straight victories over Army and later helped Temple to its first bowl-game win. He joined the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013....
Politics  This year’s John Bates Clark Medal is awarded to David Donaldson, a Stanford professor. Many other recipients have gone on to win a Nobel Prize....
World  The United States dropped one of its most powerful bombs on a cave complex used by the Islamic State’s Afghan affiliate. How big is the extremist group’s footprint inside the country?...
Sports  Speaking to local reporters he had avoided since September, Jackson, the team’s president for three seasons, said the Knicks were still several years away from being a contender....
World  To potential adversaries, the bombing could signal deterrence. For the U.S. public, it underscored the Pentagon’s more aggressive stance under President Trump....
Sports  Justine Blainey-Broker opened the doors for girls and boys to play together. She said the American players’ bid for better pay shows progress must still be made....
Politics  A vulnerable Democrat in an increasingly red state, Senator Claire McCaskill is seeking a third term by casting herself as someone who can bring polarized partisans together....
Politics  Representative Mike Quigley of Illinois visited the island nation as part of intelligence committee’s investigation into Moscow’s involvement in the American election....
Sports  The four Ntongas have shown a remarkable aptitude for tennis after stumbling upon the Leeds Center and New York Junior Tennis and Learning....
World  With only a small majority in Parliament at the start of two years of negotiations with the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May decided to go to the voters....
Sports  Blown leads, overtime games and unlikely stars have been the hallmarks of the opening round of Stanley Cup action....
Music  Endlessly exploring his instrument, Mr. Holdsworth played in seminal bands, including Soft Machine, before making a series of solo albums....
Music  Ms. Moy was a Motown record producer who helped write hits like “My Cherie Amour” and “Uptight (Everything’s Alright).”...
World  More than year after a panel of experts recommended an apology and compensation for Roma people sickened by lead poisoning in a United Nations camp, the victims are not optimistic....
Politics  The 45Committee, a major Trump backer in 2016, accused the club of having “saved” Obamacare and faulted its favored congressional candidate in Georgia....
Politics  Here’s how we analyzed Georgia’s special election through about 11 p.m. Eastern on Tuesday, which the Democrat Jon Ossoff, who just narrowly missed an outright win, had cast as a referendum on President Trump....
Technology  No immediate changes are expected. But the order asks various federal agencies to recommend changes....
Politics  Tens of millions of dollars came from wealthy donors and large corporations, which is likely to intensify questions about the president’s commitment to his populist positions....
Sports  Cristiano Ronaldo’s hat trick gave Madrid a 4-2 victory — and a 6-3 win on aggregate — amid several controversial decisions by the referee....
Sports  Leicester City, the defending Premier League champions, fell by 2-1 on aggregate after failing to overcome a 1-0 series deficit at home....
Movies  To plan your itinerary, here are movies, talks and events, from a documentary on Gilbert Gottfried to “The Godfather.”...
Politics  President Trump’s plans to build a border wall could cost more than three times as much as initial estimates, according to a report prepared by the Democratic staff of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and released ...
Real Estate  Recent commercial real estate transactions in New York City....
Music  Our critic finds that an inspiring leader has left the Los Angeles Philharmonic in peerless artistic shape....
Real Estate  The government is heavily promoting the M+ museum, set to open two years behind schedule in 2019, but questions of curatorial independence remain....
Politics  Consumer groups say a gap in a federal law allows some collectors to engage in abusive tactics, but the law doesn’t address the activities of businesses like banks or credit card companies....
Books  D.J. Taylor’s clever and timely work contends that the world would be a poorer place without a bit of insolence and ostentation....
Science  It’s actually a clam, it lives on sulfur and researchers have studied a living specimen for the first time....
Sports  Marte, an All-Star for the first time in 2016, tested positive for nandrolone, the league said....
Politics  The president said the executive order was a way to end the “theft of American prosperity,” which he said had been brought on by low-wage immigrant labor....
Politics  President Trump spoke after visiting a tool manufacturing company in Kenosha, Wis....
Music  The avant-garde vocalist looks back at her nearly 40-year career as she releases two new albums....
Art & Design  “Cai Guo-Qiang: Fireflies,” which will decorate the city’s Benjamin Franklin Parkway with hundreds of colorful lanterns, opens on Sept. 14....
Sports  The decision to move the Raiders to Las Vegas from Oakland presents conflicts for a league that has long opposed gambling....
Politics  The report said the wall could cost nearly $70 billion to build, a far cry from an internal estimate of $21.6 billion by the Department of Homeland Security....
Music  The project, the Global Jukebox, has more than 6,000 songs from 1,000 cultures — including many songs from Lomax’s personal collection....
Food  A rooftop bar from Dale Talde, Dominique Ansel’s Los Angeles plans, and other openings and restaurant news....
Technology  As social media sites add more types of content, critics say it’s time they learn to better police what is posted....
Theater  “It was irrational, yes, but nothing scared me more than the notion of driving,” said Ms. Nottage, who got her license at 50 for a trip to Oregon....
Food  Rich and gamy, these have found their way onto restaurant menus and can be made easily at home....
World  There are conflicting reports about whether any Islamic State militants were killed by the 11-ton bomb dropped on a cave complex in Afghanistan on Thursday....
Sports  The sports association’s action follows the state’s decision to repeal a law that many had viewed as anti-gay....
World  The saga might never have come to light had the Navy not posted a photograph of the Carl Vinson sailing through the Sunda Strait, which separates two Indonesian islands....
Technology  You can take a picture of your Android device’s screen by pressing the buttons yourself or having the Google Assistant software help you out....
Books  In “This Fight Is Our Fight,” Elizabeth Warren offers a manifesto for the Democratic resistance to President Trump....
Technology  Facebook’s chief executive introduced an augmented reality platform that will allow people to digitally manipulate the world around them....
Theater  Mr. Spacey, who has appeared in six Broadway productions and won a Tony in 1991, has lately been playing a nefarious U.S. president on “House of Cards.”...
World  The Turkish president has turned his claimed victory into political reality, but the vote’s legitimacy is still in doubt as observer groups list many concerns....
Sports  Oceania’s support is a sign of the growing momentum for approval of the bid, perhaps as soon as next year — two years ahead of schedule....
Food  The vendors are a fixture of New York streets and appetites, yet they struggle daily with weather, logistics and rules. Here’s the story of one....
World  Shen Zhihua, known for his research on the Korean War, prompted discussion in China when he said, “North Korea is China’s latent enemy and South Korea could be China’s friend.”...
World  A rare challenge by a well-known historian shows the renewed debate over China’s longstanding patronage of its unpredictable neighbor....
World  The interior minister said that bomb-making material and explosives had been found at an apartment in Marseille rented by two men known for their “radicalization.”...
World  “The country is coming together, but Westminster is not,” Mrs. May said in an appearance outside the prime minister’s residence in London....
Television  With Season 3 beginning on Wednesday, FX’s anthology of homespun murder is becoming an expertly made meta-concoction, a remix of a remix....
World  Ms. Haley, the United States envoy, aimed to show that President Trump cares about human rights despite his praise for authoritarian leaders....
World  An Easter Monday rite in some villages has young men reciting poems to women, then dousing them with bucketfuls of water....
Sports  The Memphis Grizzlies coach let his displeasure with the refs be known in a news conference after the team lost to the Spurs, 96-82, on Monday night....
World  New laws will keep migrants and refugees in vast camps surrounded by razor wire while their cases are decided. Even then, most will be rejected....
Technology  The company’s stock has fallen as competitors copy the features that once made Snapchat unique....
Music  Nadine Sierra, 28, started getting noticed when she was only in high school. Now she’s won the prestigious Richard Tucker Award and its $50,000 prize....
Books  In a complex world, people fail to realize just how ignorant they are. In “The Knowledge Illusion,” Steven Sloman and Philip Fernbach tell them....
World  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said he was “putting Australians first” by replacing a special category of visas that allows certain temporary foreign workers into the country....
World  The prime minister had repeatedly ruled out a snap election but is now betting that her party can increase its majority....
Science  In this 360° video, get an up-close look at how a dung beetle in Laikipia, Kenya, prepares a meal....
Books  In this installment of Match Book, a woman seeks a work of fiction that will unite her “disparate group of avid readers,” also known as her children....
Television  The “Late Show” host tried out a new character inspired by Mr. Jones, a right-wing radio personality whose broadcasts are laden with conspiracy theories....
Politics  Liberals are rallying behind the anti-Trump candidate, Jon Ossoff, but Republicans in a conservative district believe they will triumph in a June runoff....
Travel  Operators are predicting a season with high water and big waves, and quality trips well into summer....
Politics  President Trump has demonstrated that while he won office on a populist message, he has not consistently governed that way in the nearly 100 days in the White House....
Politics  Support for keeping the United States in the landmark Paris climate deal of 2015 seems to be gaining traction, experts say....
Books  In Julie Buntin’s first novel, “Marlena,” the past and present overlap in a portrait of an electric friendship cut short....
Travel  I began this informal study expecting prices and options to be more or less the same from site to site. Let’s just say I was surprised by how wrong I was....
Politics  Read about how the other side thinks: From Ann Coulter’s critical take on President Trump’s actions in Syria to Masha Gessen on some Trump-Putin similarities....
Technology  The phone’s new design, an unfinished important feature and the company’s safety record are all worth taking time to consider....
Television  It’s the beginning of the end for “Pretty Little Liars” and the mystery man intent on ruining their lives. And “Frontline” reports on states’ efforts to reform solitary confinement....
Politics  The amended complaint contends that constitutional violations harmed those who compete with restaurants tied to President Trump....
Politics  The president is expected to sign an executive order on Tuesday to make it harder for technology companies to recruit foreign workers with H-1B visas....
Sports  Tyler Bozak’s goal 1:37 into overtime won Game 3 for Toronto after it had rallied from 2-0 and 3-1 deficits against Washington....
Travel  Some new and improved hotels and resorts to woo many ages and stages of love, from platonic crushes to wedded commitment....
World  A goal for the nation? A program sophisticated enough to one day fire a guaranteed nuclear retaliation in any war, even against the United States....
Sports  Hobbled by injuries, the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox to extend what is now their longest winning streak since 2012....
Television  A familiar face returns, and he’s on a collision course with Mike. But who’s hunting whom?...
Politics  A phone call between the two leaders did not mention concerns that the referendum in Turkey would erode the country’s democratic institutions....
Sports  Kyrie Irving had 37 points and Cleveland avoided a fourth-quarter collapse to the Pacers. Kawhi Leonard scored 37 in the Spurs’ win over the Grizzlies....
Technology  The social media network is struggling with its role in policing content on its global platform....
Theater  A beloved movie is adapted to the musical stage with feverish imagination — and a magnetic Andy Karl shooing away the shadow of Bill Murray....
Politics  The White House defended its less-is-more practices, saying that releasing information on wide topics would impede President Trump’s ability to govern....
Sports  Beverley, who is staging a summer basketball camp for children that emphasizes defense, thwarted the Thunder’s star, Russell Westbrook, in Game 1 on Sunday....
Politics  Democrats have pledged not to cooperate on an overhaul of the tax code unless they know how that rewrite would benefit the president and his family....
Sports  On the sidelines of the sailing race off Bermuda, one team and its partners are backing tests of a new way to capture a destructive nonnative species....
Sports  After three losses to the Marlins in which Mets relievers collapsed in the late innings, there was some good news: Jeurys Familia was set to return after serving a suspension....
Sports  In a change from its routine, Miami invited players, including impending free agents, to stick around in the coming weeks, and hopes are already high for next season....
Music  Ms. Weilerstein, set to perform all six of Bach’s solo cello suites in a single concert on Saturday, chooses her favorite page of the score....
Television  A&E, Showtime and the Smithsonian Channel reflect on the moment in 1992 when the Rodney King verdict set off a wave of violence....
Science  In remarks submitted to The Times, some said the president’s posture toward science demanded a response, but others worried about the politicization of science....
Science  On Saturday scientists and their advocates are expected to fill streets in more than 500 cities. But what they do next is just as important....
World  Moscow and its state-run news outlets are churning out fake and slanted reports to bolster favored politicians, just as in the U.S. last year, critics say....
World  A Times reporter and her colleagues attended an Easter service in one of the Christian towns near Mosul that has been hit hardest by the Islamic State....
Science  The percentage of scientists aged 55 and older nearly doubled from 1993 to 2008, amid concerns that young researchers are getting crowded out....
Theater  It takes nerve to follow up on Ibsen. But “A Doll’s House, Part 2” is hardly the first Broadway show to check in with beloved characters....
Theater  Chris Wells’s chatty, memoirish show at Dixon Place combines outrageous fashion and original songs....
Health  San Francisco’s Young Adult Court, created in 2015, is based on recent research suggesting that brain development extends beyond age 18, into the 20s....
Fashion & Style  Artists and music lovers converge in Indio, Calif., for Coachella, showing off their festival best....
World  Sajjid Mohmand, better known as Ehsanullah Ehsan, gained prominence through his ambitious media campaigns, savvy use of social media networks and frequent contact with journalists....
Books  Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes’s account of the 2016 presidential election depicts a dysfunctional Clinton campaign and the many mistakes it made....
Science  A new series on the National Geographic Channel introduces viewers to the man behind the cuddly accent and the curvatures of space-time....
Music  This executive’s long career is the subject of a new documentary, “Clive Davis: The Soundtrack of Our Lives.”...
Science  Birds that migrate early and start producing offspring may find their nests overtaken by larger birds that nest later, a wildlife biologist says....
Health  Blood samples from a captive Komodo dragon blood yield molecules that kill bacteria and heal wounds, biochemists find....
World  For decades, the E.U. dangled the possibility of membership before an eager suitor in Ankara. The recent referendum is likely to cool the flirtation....
Sports  It’s not just sluggers earning fat contracts anymore. Outfielders like Kevin Kiermaier, whose great defense is highlighted by new technology, are newly getting their due....
Fashion & Style  Scenes from the annual music and arts festival....
Music  Newly released court documents reveal that the singer’s home was strewn with narcotic painkillers for which he did not have prescriptions....
Food  Two flavors of torcetti, from the Piedmont region of Italy, are now available in New York....
Theater  Disney Theatrical Productions said Monday that it had chosen Caissie Levy to play Elsa and Patti Murin to play Anna in this adaptation of the 2013 film....
Food  These corn tortillas from Masienda are made from stone-ground heirloom corn....
Theater  The Out Front Theater Company is facing criticism for planning to show a play that tells stories from the Old Testament through the eyes of gay characters....
Theater  Three days after tearing his A.C.L. during a preview performance of the Broadway production, the actor put on a brace and put on a show....
Food  Kitchen Arts & Letters has opened a showroom of sorts in the Park South Hotel....
Your Money  What is stopping you from springing that big, life-changing project or side hustle on the world? Fear, not edits or fonts or lack of an agent....
Food  Turn the crank of this Japanese ice shaver for a pillowy mound of snow....
World  Fearing losing their legitimacy, North Korea’s leaders created a permanent state of near-war, and an effective asymmetrical power dynamic....
Politics  On his first day on the Supreme Court, Justice Neil Gorsuch was an active questioner, displaying an easy familiarity with the issues in the cases before the court....
Food  C from Boardroom Spirits is an eau de vie distilled solely from carrots....
Food  The water left from cooking chickpeas adds lift to these sweet confections....
Music  The duo’s singles have performed well, and now its debut LP has opened at No. 1, bumping Drake’s “More Life” to No. 2....
Food  They don’t produce a lot or last long. But Harry’s Berries, a 50-year-old family farm in California, thrives by selling strawberries at their peak....
Sports  Geoffrey Kirui won the men’s race, in 2:09:37, and Edna Kiplagat topped the women in her Boston Marathon debut....
Technology  Quarterly earnings reports from IBM, Qualcomm and Yahoo; a new Samsung smartphone; and a Facebook developer conference are on the horizon....
Sports  The Rangers, trailing the Canadiens in the series, 2-1, have scored only six goals so far and need to snap out of their home-ice malaise on Tuesday....
Technology  Mission Control is one of the many features built into the Mac operating system designed to let you find your stuff faster....
Travel  The development on the Nassau beachfront includes three hotel brands, 2,300 rooms, a 100,000-square-foot casino, and 42 restaurants and lounges....
Politics  Despite the occasional downpour, the mood was cheery at the scaled-back festival, one of the most daunting social events a presidential staff has to plan....
Food  By the time the chef, who grew up in a housing project, dropped out of high school, her studies had been reduced to one area: home economics....
World  Voters in major cities tended to oppose the changes expanding presidential power, but those in rural areas, who are often more religious, voted for them....
Food  Get out of yourself for a bit, and cook from scratch. It improves all that surrounds you....
World  With no backing from the Catholic Church, and no building permits, Justo Gallego, 91, has been building an extraordinary church since the 1960s....
World  The protest to demand better conditions was led by Marwan Barghouti, the most prominent detainee and a figure often seen as a future Palestinian leader....
World  Issues of racial and ethnic discrimination continue to loom large over the race for governor in Jakarta — and larger still across Indonesia....
Sports  In 1967, Kathrine Switzer registered as K.V. Switzer and had to avoid an official who tried to force her from the course....
World  The prince was 12 when Princess Diana died. Now an advocate on mental health issues, he said that he had suffered for years before getting help....
World  The vice president’s message, delivered on a visit to South Korea, showed that the White House was giving China time to show whether it is ready to use its influence to curb its neighbor....
World  The beheading of a Filipino fisherman was announced Monday, just days after a clash in which five militants and four members of the Philippine security forces died....
World  At least 28 people have died, and 30 are missing after a mound in Colombo, the capital, gave way and buried part of a neighborhood. Rescuers expect the toll to rise....
Music  Sheryl Crow was at The Times’s headquarters on Monday, April 17, to perform songs from her new album, “Be Myself,” as well as an old favorite....
Politics  In a swing county of a swing region of a swing state that powered Donald J. Trump’s victory, some residents are starting to regret having supported him....
World  The number of Afghan women seeking divorce is rising, but many are then met with harassment and difficulties in their daily lives....
Politics  Male justices interrupt female ones at a higher rate than the reverse, and conservatives tend to interrupt liberals more, a new study finds....
Books  The work in George W. Bush’s “Portraits of Courage” reveals a surprisingly adept artist who has dramatically improved his technique while also doing penance for a great disaster of American history....
World  Ms. Park, who is in prison in a sprawling corruption scandal, now faces 18 charges. She will be the first leader of the country since the mid-1990s put on criminal trial....
Television  It’s a Francophile’s delight with shivery roles from Ms. Huppert and Catherine Deneuve, and an animated Parisian cat who happens to be a burglar....
Sports  A Y.M.C.A. in France claims the oldest basketball court in the world. But it is in no shape for regular basketball games....
Sports  Jimmy Butler had a big second half as Chicago knocked off top-seeded Boston, who got 33 points from the grieving Isaiah Thomas....
Sports  Bird, who started the season 1 for 26, had three hits, including a two-run home run that gave the Yankees an early lead over the Cardinals....
Fashion & Style  Adriana Rizzolo, a yoga teacher-healer-hair stylist, sees clients for “haircut and healing” sessions. Our columnist scheduled an appointment....
Fashion & Style  The Italian brand’s new pre-fall campaign features an all-black cast, but does it mark a real advance for fashion?...
Art & Design  On Wednesday evening, this landmark will display images from Harper’s Bazaar covers over the magazine’s 150 years....
Sports  James Harden had 37 points and Patrick Beverley added 21 as Houston took the first game of their first-round playoff series against Oklahoma City....
Television  This series wraps up with Lena Dunham’s Hannah feeding her infant, but the episode is about so much more than that....
Television  The creator of “Girls” talks about bringing her HBO show to a close with a very maternal episode....
Television  Axe is finding his way back to his outlaw self, caution be damned....
Television  Feeling surrounded by enemies, Joan decides to fight back the only way she knows how....
Sports  The Rangers trail in the first-round series, 2-1, and even drew boos from the Madison Square Garden crowd when they bumbled through a third-period power play....
Theater  This uncanny play from the great experimentalist Richard Maxwell brings to mind Clint Eastwood’s Man With No Name, but with more to say....
Theater  The cast includes Jessie Mueller, Joshua Henry and Renée Fleming, while New York City Ballet’s Justin Peck will choreograph....
Television  The final season jumps three years ahead, and things seem to have calmed....
Politics  As the standoff grows under a new American president, a mix of national ambitions, personal ego and deadly weapons is creating opportunities for miscalculation....
World  President Trump’s national security adviser urged Pakistan to crack down on militants as the administration reviews its role in Afghanistan and the Taliban resurgence there....
Sports  While Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird have faltered, the Yankees have stayed competitive by relying on players with eight or more seasons of experience....
Politics  Shannon Donnelly, a journalist who has chronicled Palm Beach society for decades, has been a fly on the gilded wall during several of President Trump’s visits since he took office....
Sports  Against José Mourinho’s Manchester United on Sunday, Chelsea suffered a setback that could only have been fashioned by one who had been on the inside....
Politics  Ms. Trump has announced plans to donate $200,000 of a book advance for “Women Who Work” to charitable groups. She will also forgo a publicity tour....
Music  A visit to the rock star’s compound-turned-museum, where a team is organizing all of his belongings as it prepares for the one-year anniversary of his death....
Music  There are over 7,000 objects, 120 guitars, 2,000 pairs shoes and zero pairs of flats. Angie Marchese has been working at Paisley Park to catalog and preserve the objects that belonged to Prince, who died April 21, 2016....
Sports  With typical recovery time from single-level fusion surgery said to be six months, Woods will go another year without playing in a major....
Art & Design  Ms. Gallace’s pictures at MoMA PS1 may seem anodyne at first. But, our critic says, stick with them, and their subtle intelligence is revealed....
Politics  Scouring the 510 pages of documents from Trump inaugural donations reveals million-dollar checks from people and companies with interests at stake in Washington....
Art & Design  Our guide to new art shows, and some that will be closing soon....
Art & Design  The spare-looking show “We Wanted a Revolution: Black Radical Women, 1965-85” at the Brooklyn Museum offers a textured view of the political past....
Politics  A passenger found the weapon and gave it to a member of the flight crew. The episode is the latest in a string of embarrassments for the air marshal program....
Art & Design  A journey through the brilliant, nearly 70-year career of a virtuoso who created some of art’s greatest portraits and had a deep respect for all his subjects....
Theater  Previews, openings and some last-chance picks....
Books  Suggested reading from critics and editors at The New York Times....
Movies  The New York Times film critics review “Unforgettable,” “The Promise” and “The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Maki."...
Music  Our guide to pop and rock shows and the best of live jazz....
World  While the decision to disqualify Mr. Ahmadinejad was not a surprise, the timing of the announcement was....
Movies  Our guide to film series and special screenings....
Movies  The French director Bruno Dumont’s look at two families will surprise viewers in a number of new and upsetting ways....
Technology  The chairman, Ajit Pai, met with companies like Facebook and Oracle about his plans to roll back rules that require broadband providers to make all internet content equally accessible....
Books  Omar El Akkad’s “American War” is a disturbingly plausible tale of a future America torn asunder by its own political and tribal affiliations....
Movies  The director discusses a sequence from his action film....
Movies  The director Ben Wheatley narrates a sequence from the film....
Movies  Inspired by a true story, “The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Maki” is a charmer about a boxer trying to win a championship and find his bliss....
Television  Oprah Winfrey and Rose Byrne star in an HBO movie drawn from the well-known book, a tale that deserved more time....
Music  Our guide to the city’s best classical music and opera....
Movies  Rosario Dawson and Katherine Heigl star in a thriller that works a wearyingly familiar formula....
World  The move is the latest by the Indian government in a crackdown on groups that receive money from outside the country....
Books  E.B. Sledge recorded his wartime experiences as they happened on slips of paper he tucked into a Bible. They became the basis for a timeless memoir....
World  A question of “who is French” may be a source of the rising far-right populism the country is experiencing....
Movies  Politicians, the police, victims and survivors deliver an oral history of the rising racial tensions that led to the early-1990s Los Angeles riots....
Movies  This documentary follows biologists to Antarctica, where they estimate the animals’ numbers and gauge the damage of climate change....
Art & Design  From a $25 million conservatory renovation to an evocation of Monet’s Giverny, highlights from Gregory Long’s stewardship of the New York Botanical Garden....
World  At a news conference Thursday with the prime minister of Italy, President Trump said he would not give the military a direct role in stabilizing war-ravaged Libya....
Television  The title character’s thorniness sits uncomfortably inside a stylized comedy — based on the memoir by Sophia Amoruso — that’s equal parts oddball and outrageous....
World  The police shut down the Champs-Élysées after a shootout between officers and an attacker days before France holds the first round of its presidential election....
World  Ugandan troops began leaving the Central African Republic days ahead of a United States military withdrawal, leaving worries of a security vacuum....
Politics  The measure faces an uncertain fate as Congress also must deal with a far more urgent deadline: a looming government shutdown if a new funding measure is not approved....
Fashion & Style  In Gramercy Park in Manhattan, a house full of Oscar and Emmy winners, including Robert De Niro, Jessica Lange, Julianne Moore and Ryan Murphy....
Fashion & Style  The dinner, packed with Oscar and Emmy winners, was sponsored by SAG-Aftra, the union that represents performers in movies, radio and television....
World  Buyers who are not residents or citizens of Canada will pay 15 percent more for a house in the city, where prices have risen 33 percent in a year....
Art & Design  In an array of art spanning Raul Dufy to David Salle, Danièle Thompson, director of the recent film “Cézanne et Moi,” is sometimes the subject herself....
Books  Six new paperbacks to check out this week....
World  The pacifist denomination said it would appeal the ruling, which puts it on the same footing as Islamic State militants....
Books  Six books, including “Judas” by Amos Oz and “Compass” by Mathias Énard, were shortlisted for the prize, which honors works translated into English....
World  High winds have grounded a huge iceberg on the Newfoundland shore, to the delight of camera-wielding sightseers....
World  The Russian Institute for Strategic Studies in Moscow says it prepares analytical materials for the country’s leading government agencies. Kremlin opponents say otherwise....
Television  Prizes were also given to “Atlanta,” “Veep” and “Happy Valley.”...
Sports  Harden again showed off an undervalued part of his game as the Houston Rockets took a 2-0 series lead against the Oklahoma City Thunder....
Movies  The Italian director was an important filmmaker in the 1970s, but Valerio Ruiz’s rambling portrait feels stuck in that particular moment....
Politics  President Trump treated the trio of high-profile supporters to a private dinner, a room-by-room tour and a wide-ranging discussion on Wednesday night....
Movies  Oscar Isaac, Christian Bale and Charlotte Le Bon star in this wartime romance with a heavy subject (genocide) but a corny plot....
Theater  A hit song from a 1997 animated film paves the way for a splashy Broadway production....
Music  A lawsuit by the singer’s estate has halted the release of a new six-song EP....
Food  Vania Isler, the owner’s daughter, steers the unfamiliar toward dishes “you can find only here,” like pastel de choclo, a casserole topped with a charred crust of corn and basil....
Food  A restaurant and bakery in Corona, Queens, that serves tastes of coastal Chile....
World  Le premier tour à lieu dimanche. Voici comment nous avons couvert les campagnes des candidats et les sujets qui forgent les choix des Français....
Movies  Ben Wheatley’s formula for action-movie success: a best actress Oscar winner, dozens of firearms and a warehouse full of testosterone....
Television  “Girlboss” loosely chronicles the rise of the e-commerce diva Sophia Amoruso. And Caitlyn Jenner talks with Diane Sawyer about her new memoir....
Health  The timing of stimulation to the brain was determined to be crucial in research published on Thursday, and it might help treat dementia, head injuries and other conditions....
Theater  The new production of the oft-adapted work was developed at a German theater, Schaubühne, and is being brought to Broadway by David Binder....
Technology  The days of tech-industry-friendly regulations are fading fast as rule changes bend to the benefit of telecommunications companies....
World  After recent electoral upheavals, including the victory of Donald J. Trump and the vote for “Brexit,” the world is waiting to see which way the French will lean....
Technology  Hackers have been trying to fool people for years by hiding malicious software in seemingly friendly messages, but don’t fall for it....
Music  A year after he died, Prince is more available online than ever. This poses a tricky question for fans: Is it a betrayal to enjoy this stuff?...
Theater  Second Stage, a nonprofit theater, will program Helen Hayes Theater with work by living American playwrights....
Fashion & Style  Also, the politics of switching airplane seats, how to quit a job with grace, and addressing a bossy hostess....
World  The Supreme Court, ruling on accusations that stemmed from the Panama Papers, called for an investigation into offshore wealth held by the prime minister’s family....
World  The first votes will be cast on Sunday. Here’s how we have covered the issues and the candidates in a tight, unpredictable and complex race....
World  Proposed changes in Australia put it at the forefront of a global movement to limit migration and to turn citizenship into a prize for having assimilated....
World  Slipping in polls before the first round of a presidential election, the leader of the far-right National Front vowed to clamp down on foreigners, thrilling her base....
World  A photo of the banner, posted online by the coach of a college women’s basketball team, led to calls across China to fire the coach and punish the students....
Theater  Christopher Wheeldon will direct and choreograph a staging of the 1947 Lerner and Loewe musical....
Fashion & Style  Some dating services are connecting people who are interested in getting high on more than just love....
Travel  The renowned birder recommends Ecuador and Uganda, as well as Cape May in New Jersey. His favorite place is the Malheur refuge in Oregon....
Television  Mr. Colbert called the ousted Fox News commentator a “self-righteous landfill.” Then he got into his conservative pundit character and mourned....
Sports  Why paddle out under the stars? To get away from the crowds, mainly....
Art & Design  When two galleries and two heirs collaborate, the stars align. A visitor can experience two artists’ works separately but in sync, as they were created....
Television  The Hulu series, which stars Elisabeth Moss and is based on Margaret Atwood’s dystopian novel, arrives with an unexpected resonance in Trump’s America....
Politics  President Trump’s improvisational approach has helped his fortunes, but if he backs off from a threat, he could weaken the nation’s standing....
Politics  Over a two-week congressional recess, many lawmakers have avoided meeting with constituents. For those who have held forums, the results have been telling....
Real Estate  An Upper West Side renter decides to buy a place that faces the back, away from blaring sirens on the street....
Books  Steven Hatch recounts his experience as an American doctor at an Ebola treatment unit in rural Liberia in the new memoir “Inferno.”...
Travel  Explore the Indonesian island’s more authentic, less developed eastern side, where Old Bali is alive and well....
Books  The film director and author of “Make Trouble” says that when a publisher asked him for a blurb for “Transit,” he sent back, “Rachel Cusk is too smart for her own good.”...
World  Le “petit” candidat du Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste n’hésite pas à attaquer de front l’élite politique française. Nombreux sont ceux qui l’ont salué comme le vainqueur du débat présidentiel au début du mois....
Sports  Anaheim will face Edmonton or San Jose in the second round of the playoffs....
Television  The British crime genre brushes off the cobwebs with “New Blood,” a mystery bromance. And Reddington blasts back to the past in the spring-season debut of “The Blacklist.”...
Sports  Two early goals lifted Monaco to a 3-1 win over Borussia Dortmund in the second leg of their quarterfinal, giving it a 6-3 aggregate victory....
Sports  Westbrook had 51 points in the highest-scoring triple-double in playoff history, but the Rockets took at 2-0 lead in the series....
Sports  The tea lady, once a fixture at British soccer clubs, endures mostly as a mythical image from a simpler time. Only a few remain, and not all are ladies....
Travel  A visit included bowling, crab cakes, art museums and some John Waters-style kitsch....
Fashion & Style  How quickly do you really need that Gucci handbag? Sometimes it’s O.K. to have to wait for what you want....
Television  Has there ever been a more sustained and elaborate act of fan fiction?...
Sports  Bruce tied a career high for R.B.I., hitting homers in the sixth and eighth innings, and Robert Gsellman struck out seven batters in seven strong innings as the Mets ended a four-game losing streak....
Sports  A season-high four home runs erased any memories of the Yankees’ futility in Tuesday night’s 4-1 loss....
Theater  This nimble revival of Lillian Hellman’s 1939 drama features Ms. Linney and Ms. Nixon in alternating roles of Southern womanhood....
World  The Chinese Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that the country had asked Interpol, the global police organization, to arrest the billionaire, Guo Wengui....
Politics  The visit by Carter Page last July was a significant trigger for the F.B.I. investigation into connections between Russia and President Trump’s campaign....
World  President Nicolás Maduro ordered forces into the streets, defying international calls to allow protests, but the rallies showed a sustained movement may be forming against him....
Sports  Marte, an All-Star outfielder, started serving an 80-game punishment for steroid use the same week that Familia, a closer, is due back from 15-game domestic violence penalty....
Sports  A 2-1 victory over Montreal in Game 4 was a product of the speed and puck- control game the Rangers displayed in Game 1, and it left the teams’ first-round playoff series tied at two games each....
World  The games, played in the middle of an international crisis, were probably intended to send a message, analysts said, but their meaning was unclear....
Sports  Simms, a game analyst at the network for two decades, was replaced by Tony Romo and will move to the studio instead....
Sports  Hernandez was once the youngest player in the N.F.L. and a star for its best team. But he remained tangled in his roots....
Sports  Juventus sends Barcelona out of the Champions League, and the temptation is to declare that the sun has set on a golden era. That would be a mistake....
World  Emmanuel Macron has no political party to speak of and has never held elected office, but he is one of the front-runners in Sunday’s election....
Music  On each song on Ms. Bryan’s debut EP, “So Far,” she refracts country music through a slightly different prism....
World  I traveled to the Northern Territory for this week’s newsletter, and I’m intrigued....
Fashion & Style  Customize your sneakers and your denim, browse vintage Comme des Garçons and Chanel, and more....
Movies  With Lee Daniels and Jeffrey Wright as jurors, five indie directors compete for a life-changing prize from the Tribeca Film Festival....
Art & Design  Fia Backstrom’s eccentric photography installation, Peter Dreher’s portraits of skulls, and Korakrit Arunanondchai’s ruminations on life, death and history....
Fashion & Style  At the Centre Street store, the offerings handsome, ethically produced staples, suitable, perhaps, for a specific sort of 21st-century flâneur....
Books  Amy Goldstein chronicles in vivid, sophisticated detail the evisceration of life in a Wisconsin town after the loss of its major employer....
Technology  Mr. Pai, who has been unwinding Obama-era regulatory efforts, is putting two items up for vote on Thursday that would empower telecom companies and broadcasters....
Fashion & Style  Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner brought the Israeli designer Nili Lotan a raft of new young fans. Now she has opened a store just for them....
Technology  They are app makers, they are podcasters, and they are also H-1B visa holders — possibly putting them at risk from the president’s immigration policies....
World  The defense secretary wants to nudge Sunni Arabs, backed by a Saudi-led coalition, and Iranian-supported Houthi fighters back to the bargaining table....
Politics  The special election to fill Montana’s empty House seat is next, and after a Democrat nearly won a Georgia seat outright, Big Sky Democrats ask, “What about us?”...
Music  The actor and comedian will perform “New Worlds,” a program that pairs him with classical musicians including Jan Vogler, at Carnegie Hall in October....
Fashion & Style  The Turtle Conservancy, started by Eric Goode, held its annual fund-raiser at the Bowery Hotel....
Music  “Louis Riel,” considered the great Canadian opera, is being staged in Toronto to explore the nation’s relationship with its indigenous population....
Fashion & Style  As cannabis culture enters the mainstream, fashion, too, is getting trippy. Here, in the spirit of 4/20, some New Age-inflected must-have items....
Science  The asteroid, 2014 JO25, which is approximately 2,000 feet end-to-end, was about 1.1 million miles away when it passed by on Wednesday morning....
Movies  The fast-faced documentary “Tomorrow” profiles men and women with concrete solutions for moving away from fossil fuels and protecting the environment....
Fashion & Style  The Turtle Conservancy, started by Eric Goode, held its annual fund-raiser at the Bowery Hotel....
Fashion & Style  The Spanish chain is embroiled in yet another social media crossfire....
World  Research shows that the ratio of females to males is steadily dropping, despite gains in education and income levels, which experts say points to sex selection....
Politics  By a 7 to 1 vote, the justices struck down a Colorado law that required people cleared by the courts to file civil suits and prove their innocence....
Science  A groundbreaking study has found that genetic variations in mice are linked to parental care and monogamy, the first time such a link has been found in mammals....
Science  The planet, about 40 light years from Earth, is close enough that astronomers hope they will someday be able to probe its atmosphere for signs of water or other evidence of suitability for life....
Technology  The tech industry has aggressively fought the president on several issues. But with regard to Tuesday’s executive order, there is some hope the industry could benefit....
Theater  The show said Mr. Karl would miss the Wednesday matinee and evening performances, the Thursday evening performance, and the Saturday matinee....
Science  Researchers think 3-D printing may make it cheaper and easier to create glass objects, from skyscraper facades to tiny devices used in research....
Travel  Do your research, decide how much planning help you would like and don’t be afraid of fees....
Music  Six previously unreleased Prince songs are scheduled to come out on the anniversary of the singer’s death — unless a lawsuit blocks them....
Technology  If you choose not to use Apple’s software to manage your music library, there are still plenty of other options to keep your collection safe....
Movies  Lydia Tenaglia’s documentary is a portrait of Mr. Tower, a force behind the California Cuisine movement in the 1970s, among other culinary feats....
Movies  Jane Jacobs fought against Robert Moses’ plans to develop Lower Manhattan. This documentary revisits their legendary feud....
Sports  Williams, who announced her engagement to Alexis Ohanian in December, had published, then deleted, a photograph of herself in a mirror with the words “20 weeks.”...
World  The former Fox News host, on vacation in Italy for the past week, sat in a V.I.P. section and shook hands with the pope....
Music  Hayley Williams and her band, who haven’t released an album since 2013, return with “After Laughter.”...
Music  Lincoln Center’s Mostly Mozart Festival will include a staged version of Hans Zender’s orchestration of Schubert’s “Winterreise.”...
Politics  The case, one of several Justice Neil M. Gorsuch has heard so far, involves playground safety in Missouri — but it could have broader implications....
Movies  Disneynature’s latest documentary visits remote parts of China to provide rare glimpses of young animals in the wild....
Art & Design  There’s no place like home: Three months after joining Sotheby’s, Marc Porter takes back his job as chairman of Americas at Christie’s....
World  The country’s 3,300 miles of ice roads are a lifeline for marooned communities during frigid winters, but climate change is making the roads unsafe much earlier....
Technology  A sound bar system — good ones cost around $200 and up — is a big improvement over the tiny speakers built into your flat-panel television....
Politics  It remains one of the few states where men accused of rape can fight their victims in court for parental rights....
Food  It’s not here yet, but there’s no reason you shouldn’t roast some chicken parts, painted with homemade barbecue sauce, and enjoy with a simple slaw....
Theater  This Pulitzer-winning playwright’s 1996 work, about a 19th-century star of English freak shows, will be directed by Lear deBessonet, an Obie winner....
Movies  Closed for two years for renovations, the Quad has reopened and is hosting a Wertmuller retrospective....
Television  A new show on Nat Geo focuses on Einstein’s life in physics, and his physical life, too....
Music  On paper, this six-piece New Jersey band shouldn’t work, but its blend of country and emo somehow does....
Art & Design  A collection looks back over 30 years of this photographer’s work, combining historical styles and female stereotypes....
Music  These star pianists will perform works for two pianos by Mozart, Debussy and Stravinsky....
Real Estate  The real estate market in Brazil is still recovering from the country’s recent economic and political turmoil....
Real Estate  A renovated four-bedroom 1970 house designed to let the outside in is on the market for $2.078 million....
Politics  Mr. Chaffetz said he would not seek re-election for his seat in a heavily Republican district, as possible signs of a challenging race mounted....
World  Corrupt state leaders thought they were untouchable. But empowered citizens, transparency laws and a freer media are exposing their crimes....
Sports  Some of the players, though not Brady, cited politics as the reason....
Economy  Coal company bankruptcies have left coverage for retirees, many with chronic ailments, in federal hands. Unless Congress acts this month, benefits will end....
Books  With books on orgasm equality, sexual freedom and C.E.O.-style marriage prioritizing, loveologists offer new takes on hooking up and settling down....
Politics  Documents provide a glimpse of the multimillion-dollar frenzy of influence-seeking and peacemaking surrounding President Trump’s swearing-in....
Television  The series “Girlboss” fictionalizes Sophia Amoruso’s rise as an e-commerce fashion queen, with Britt Robertson as a not always likable lead character....
World  A growing number of Shetlanders are being drawn to calls by a ‘nutter’ for more independence for their remote and scenic isles....
World  News that the Carl Vinson strike group was thousands of miles from the Korean Peninsula rather than headed toward it drew accusations of bluffing and manipulation....
Real Estate  A turreted home in Denver; a 1911 stone house in Philadelphia; and a Tudor in Minneapolis....
Real Estate  In Denver, a home with a beamed great room with a grand fireplace; in Philadelphia, a stone house designed just after the turn of the last century; and in Minneapolis, a Tudor with leaded-glass windows....
World  Taiwanese officials say Zhang Xiangzhong, an anticorruption campaigner who was previously imprisoned in China, did not meet the requirements to stay in Taiwan long term....
Theater  The comedy, starring Rory Kinnear, will begin the first season of the former National Theater director’s Bridge Theater....
World  He said Iran remained a global threat, and the government said it was reviewing the 2015 deal that lifted sanctions against Iran....
Politics  Ms. Handel was the Georgia secretary of state, and she made unsuccessful runs for the governorship and the United States Senate....
Politics  Mr. Ossoff won just under 50 percent of the vote in a district that has not elected a Democrat in decades, and he will face Karen Handel in a runoff....
World  Britain will elect a new House of Commons on June 8, a vote that the prime minister hopes will strengthen her hand to negotiate a “Brexit.”...
World  The police said the demonstrators were trying to “agitate people” against an expansion of presidential powers, a lawyer for one of the detainees said....
Sports  The former tight end with the New England Patriots, who was convicted of first-degree murder in 2015, was found in his cell on Wednesday morning....
Television  In an interview with Jimmy Fallon, the senator from Massachusetts tried to project confidence in the potential for bipartisan cooperation. That seemed hard to do....
Travel  Six writers recount transformative moments that happened while traveling....
Travel  We asked readers to submit their accounts of romances experienced while traveling. Here are some of our favorites....
Travel  A trip to Palermo meant getting to know the city — and a new friend — much better....
Travel  Each trip pushed us farther apart. So why would I continue to get on a subway with this person, never mind board an airplane?...
Travel  A woman and her boyfriend dive into Mexico, and their uncertain future....
Real Estate  Its history of drug crimes in the past, Fort George is attracting young buyers and renters priced out of Brooklyn and other parts of Manhattan....
Real Estate  Its history of drug crimes in the past, Fort George is attracting young buyers and renters priced out of Brooklyn and other parts of Manhattan....
Sports  Cave paintings in the Altai Mountains may show the cradle of skiing is in China. But the ethnic minorities who live there worry the old ways are in danger....
Technology  Facebook’s chief, Mark Zuckerberg, realized early that creating the best new features is not as important as owning the biggest and most engaged network....
Theater  With “Six Degrees of Separation” set to return to Broadway, we examine the concept that links the first issue of Psychology Today, Kevin Bacon and a shirtless J.J. Abrams....
Travel  It was summer in Granada, and I told myself I was in love. That wouldn’t last....
Books  Three short books on tyranny, the First Amendment and Wall Street approach substantial topics in slim volumes....
Theater  Just a few years out of Juilliard, Mr. Hawkins stars in “24: Legacy” on TV and “Six Degrees of Separation” on Broadway....
World  In a program known as Flintlock, American and European special forces train armies from seven African countries over three weeks....
World  The incumbent, a Christian, implored his supporters to “forget all the things that happened” — a reference to the divisive nature of the campaign....
Television  “Fargo” returns and draws Ewan McGregor, playing two parts, into its quirky lair. And “Nova” visits a forgotten passageway to freedom used during the Holocaust....
Politics  Mr. Ossoff, who is making his first bid for elective office, will face Karen Handel, a Republican, in a runoff election in June....
Sports  The Columbus Blue Jackets beat the visiting Pittsburgh Penguins, 5-4, avoiding a sweep in the teams’ best-of-seven playoff series....
Fashion & Style  No nips, no tucks. Just good old-fashioned facial injections and laser treatments at Dr. Peter Kopelson’s highly discreet beauty shop in Beverly Hills....
Sports  Jimmy Butler scored 22 points, grabbed 8 rebounds and dished out 8 assists as Chicago heads home with a 2-0 lead its Eastern Conference series against Boston....
Television  Paige is looking more like Elizabeth lately. Whether that’s a good thing remains to be seen....
Sports  In a closely fought content, the Rangers ended a six-game postseason losing streak at Madison Square Garden by defeating the Canadiens....
Sports  The Yankees managed just four singles through eight and a third innings against White Sox starter Miguel Gonzalez in a 4-1 loss....
Theater  Paula Vogel makes her long-awaited Broadway debut, telling the story of a Yiddish drama shut down in 1923....
World  The Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack at a checkpoint near the historic site, one of the oldest Christian monasteries in the world....
World  Whether an American program to sabotage North Korean test flights is behind a string of failures, it has led Pyongyang to hunt for spies and ways to combat such attacks....
Health  Insurers have been closely watching as President Trump and congressional lawmakers debate the future of subsidies that help lower deductibles and co-payments....
Sports  Oklahoma City’s Westbrook, a mercurial superstar, said his relationship with the basketball on the court is no joke as he and the Thunder prepare for Game 2 against the Houston Rockets....
World  Unscrupulous leaders can manipulate the political environment, making it more likely that they will win future contests and gain false legitimacy....
Sports  After a solid outing by Zack Wheeler, an eighth inning error by Jose Reyes, David Wright’s replacement at third base, cost Wheeler a victory....
Sports  The goal is to look three years ahead, but with more players worried about serious injuries and leaving the game early, and a short shelf life at some positions, the task is difficult....
Sports  In a battle of the Premier League’s top teams, Tottenham dominated at times, but its hopes of a first F.A. Cup final since 1991 were sunk by two late moments of magic....
Sports  Hischier, 18, who starred at the under-20 world junior hockey championship, is poised to become the highest Swiss-born player selected in the June draft....
World  The Icelandic language, seen by many as a source of identity and pride, is being undermined by the widespread use of English....
Sports  Readers weigh in on comparing male and female athletes, and other issues in sports....
Sports  Harden. Westbrook. Butler. DeRozan. Thomas. These N.B.A. guards make an art of getting to the free throw line....
World  Beijing’s relative silence may be an attempt to placate both Kim Jong-un of North Korea and President Trump, and to prevent the Chinese public from panicking....
Science  Visual highlights from the demonstrations in Washington and around the world....
Real Estate  The tenant is preapproved for a mortgage and doesn’t mind that the place needs work — but that might not be enough to persuade an absentee landlord....
Politics  In a Twitter message, the president said he would be “holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania” on April 29, the night the press corps will gather for its annual black-tie event....
Sports  A colorful message from Garnett before Game 3 on Friday night resonated with a team that had a difficult week....
Sports  Amir Garrett, who has made three quality starts for Cincinnati this season, honed his competitiveness playing basketball for St. John’s....
Fashion & Style  A son met his dad’s date, and helped cement the relationship between the two men, who have married in Richmond, Va....
World  The presidential election on Sunday is one of the most consequential in recent times — not just for France, but for Europe — and one of the most unpredictable, too....
Politics  The president has turned to a group of advisers — from family, real estate, media, finance and politics — all of whom are outside the White House gates...
World  Members of the so-called collectives, or colectivos in Spanish, operate with impunity and will defend their besieged president at all costs, experts say....
Sports  The ex-champion, 70, is being investigated by the I.T.F. over an alleged racist comment about Serena Williams and was ejected from a Fed Cup tie after other outbursts....
World  The effort, wrenching as it is, may stand as the one bright spot in a region where the promise of the Arab Spring has been blunted in country after country....
World  A woman with dementia has been ordered to leave her family and return to her native country, reflecting Europe’s growing anti-immigrant sentiment....
World  The French presidential election is taking place in the shadow of a recent attack. Research shows that the effect of terrorism on voting is profound but complex....
World  Turkish denials have long rested on the lack of documentary evidence. But a researcher says he has found a crucial telegram about the World War I-era atrocity....
World  Smoking a cigarette was a criminal act that could earn 20 lashes when the Islamic State ruled northern Iraq. Now it’s a sign of freedom....
World  Activity at the site, where a perplexing series of volleyball games recently took place, has renewed concerns that a major weapons test may be near....
World  With his understanding of the web, Jean-Luc Mélenchon has extended the reach of his message and drawn the support of a new generation of online commentators....
Politics  As the F.B.I. investigated Hillary Clinton and the Trump campaign, James B. Comey tried to keep the bureau out of politics but plunged it into the center of a bitter election....
World  Think you know what is going on in the world? Prove it. Play our news quiz....
Technology  Farhad and Mike discuss Facebook’s developer conference, plus a start-up that sells juice....
World  The weeklong standoff in a village near Hanoi cast a spotlight on persistent tensions over land rights in the Communist country....
World  Details were still emerging, but it appeared to have been the single deadliest known attack on an Afghan military base since the war began....
Your Money  A class in “verbal judo” offers a window on how flight crews are taught to defuse situations with naughty, uncooperative or tipsy passengers....
Science  Thousands of scientists and science enthusiasts took to the streets in Washington and around the world on Saturday to protest....
Science  Shadow three scientists as they work with wolves and butterflies, DNA and tide pools before they attend one of the March for Science demonstrations around the country....
Your Money  There are ways to behave while flying that will earn you Brownie points, if not bonus points....
Television  This best seller, about a woman whose cancer cells became the foundation for groundbreaking research, comes to the screen. And Patton Oswalt talks about his wife’s quest to catch a killer....
Sports  The top-seeded Celtics pulled away in he second half and have a chance to tie their first-round playoff series on Sunday....
Sports  The San Francisco left-hander was put on the D.L. for the first time in his career after a motorcycle mishap resulted in bruised ribs and a sprained shoulder joint....
Sports  With players dealing with injuries up and down the roster, the Mets held their own against Washington until Jeurys Familia walked in the winning run in the 11th inning....
Sports  Laden with the burden of sending their pitchers to hit in a National League park, the Yankees lost in Pittsburgh and lost some of their recent momentum....
Sports  Patrick Mouratoglou, Williams’s coach, learned just 15 days ago that she was pregnant. “I know how important what is happening right now is for her,” he said....
Sports  Mr. Fleming, a contemporary of Frank Shorter and Bill Rodgers who preferred to train 140 to 150 miles a week, won New York in 1973 and 1975....
Politics  Surgeon General Vivek H. Murthy was asked to resign by the Trump administration. He has been replaced by his deputy, Rear Adm. Sylvia Trent-Adams....
Music  Mr. Gooding, the father of the Oscar-winning actor Cuba Gooding Jr., rose to fame as the lead singer of the rhythm-and-blues group the Main Ingredient....
Sports  Murphy, an expert in the analytics of hitting, saw that Ryan Zimmerman was getting too many ground balls after hard hits. A slight change in Zimmerman’s launch angle did the trick....
Technology  Facebook said it had erroneously blocked the account of Guo Wengui, who has accused the relatives of Chinese government officials of corruption....
Sports  After falling behind in the best-of-seven series, the Rangers have turned the tables on Montreal and are returning home for Game 6....
Art & Design  Mr. Hendricks was known for his portraits of friends, family and strangers who conveyed a growing culture of black assertiveness....
Sports  A nonprofit group rehabilitated the Cuban National Tennis Center, emphasizing the humanitarian aspect of overhauling the courts and propping up the sport....
Sports  At Pennsylvania’s Latrobe Country Club, where Palmer grew up and which he eventually bought, reminders of him are everywhere as it begins its first season following his death....
World  American troops killed Abdurakhmon Uzbeki on April 6 in Mayadin, Syria. He was targeted for his role in the Islamic State’s plotting of terrorist attacks....
Sports  Ovechkin, the Washington Capitals star, took a hard check from Nazem Kadri of the Toronto Maple Leafs during the first period on Friday but was back on the ice for the second....
Politics  At the center of the debate over the party’s future is Senator Bernie Sanders, who has emerged as the most popular active politician in America, but he isn’t even a Democrat....
Sports  The Brooklyn arena is taking aim at one of the signature sports of the longtime Mecca of Boxing....
Books  These five poems exemplify how American poets are using their art to rage against the right....
Books  Like virtually everything else in the Trump era, poetry has gotten sharply political these days....
Music  The two rappers recall an earlier time in the genre’s history, in terms of aesthetics and politics. How do they fit in today? A panel discussion, on Popcast....
Art & Design  Institutions from Sydney to Cincinnati are hoping to draw more visitors by using outdoor projections, sometimes putting art on their buildings’ facades....
Music  A “Marriage of Figaro” update, jewel-box Sondheim and vertiginous silences were among the highlights....
Music  This Japanese musician and composer, who created the score for “The Revenant,” is releasing his 16th solo album and first in eight years, “async.”...
Music  Timo Andres’s piano concerto “The Blind Banister,” performed by Jonathan Biss and conducted by Courtney Lewis, is inspired by a Beethoven cadenza....
Art & Design  Magdalena Abakanowicz once described her sculpture as “a search for organic mysteries.”...
World  Warming temperatures and changing weather patterns are endangering Canada’s ice roads, and that’s threatening life and livelihood in the north....
Television  Lifetime gives us something new: a darkly comic crime thriller about euthanasia....
World  Months of campaigning culminate in the first round of the French presidential election on April 23. In 360, join the campaign rallies of five of the candidates....
Food  New York food businesses join in “A Day Without Bread” to support Queens workers who may be fired....
Food  The wine panel finds great potential and at the same time ponders why some bottles seem so vibrant while others do not....
Real Estate  A few months into the Trump presidency, foreign real estate investment in his hometown continues to be strong, but there are skeptics....
World  The French election is the latest European vote in which a far-right party has a shot at gaining power, though a win has yet to materialize....
Real Estate  This week’s listings include a farmhouse in Westport, Conn., and a five-bedroom in Lattingtown, N.Y....
Real Estate  Properties in the Financial District, the Gramercy area, and Ditmas Park, Brooklyn....
Real Estate  This weeks homes are in the Financial District, Gramercy and Ditmas Park, Brooklyn....
Real Estate  This week’s listings include a farmhouse in Westport, Conn., and a five-bedroom in Lattingtown, N.Y....
Theater  The American Shakespeare Center in Staunton, Va., is holding a contest to create a “modern canon” of 38 companion pieces to Shakespeare’s plays....
Food  An ode to the springtime spear....
World  For the first time since the Industrial Revolution, Britain went 24 hours without using coal to generate electricity, and expects to end all such use by 2025....
Music  The new-music collective appears at Zankel Hall and is preparing for its annual marathon, on May 6, at the Brooklyn Museum....
Fashion & Style  New York’s celebrity elite feted Ms. Midler’s return to Broadway as Dolly Levi....
Theater  Ms. Rice wrote that she loved the Globe, but that she has learned not “to allow myself to be excluded from the rooms where decisions are made.”...
Your Money  Gift givers from the Northeast or the Midwest are most likely to give cash, while those in the South and West are more likely to buy a registry item....
Books  Dominic Dromgoole talks about “Hamlet Globe to Globe”; and Judith Newman discusses new books about sex and relationships....
Sports  Major League Baseball supports local bans on smokeless tobacco, but a number of players said they viewed them as an invasion of personal rights....
Technology  The schemes of Roman Seleznev led to the theft and resale of more than two million credit card numbers, resulting in losses of at least $170 million....
Technology  In this 11-page handwritten letter submitted to the U.S. District Court, Mr. Seleznev admitted to his crimes....
Real Estate  The package, which often runs hundreds of pages, can now be done with an app. Some love the change, but others prefer the comfort of a hard copy....
Real Estate  The statistics on who the first-time buyers are in the United States....
World  The Trump administration worked with the government of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt to secure the release of Aya Hijazi, who was imprisoned for three years....
Music  Prince, Perfume Genius, Juana Molina and more: hear the new tracks that caught our critics' attention this week....
Fashion & Style  Parties were held recently for the Tribeca Film Festival, the Youth America Grand Prix and the Lenox Hill Neighborhood House....
Fashion & Style  Parties were held last week for the Tribeca Film Festival, the Youth America Grand Prix and the Lenox Hill Neighborhood House....
Sports  The Warriors have raced to a 2-0 series lead against the Portland Trail Blazers, and McGee appears to be a key cog on the star-laden team....
World  The sounds of banging pots and pans reverberated through the capital, a traditional form of protest, which has taken on greater significance as the country struggles with food shortages....
Art & Design  The Polish artist’s works ranged from woven shrouds and tree trunks to mythic human figures that evoked the dark forces at work in the 20th century....
Travel  It is the most diverse state in the nation and home to the United States Pacific Command, among other things....
Food  Broiled butterflied trout works just as well for a weeknight meal as it does for company....
Food  A compound butter packed with garlic and herbs adds flavor to this quick weeknight meal....
Technology  The industry has been on the outside looking in with federal regulators, but a meeting provides a sign that that could change with net neutrality revisions....
Real Estate  With the right vase, any flower — even a dandelion — can look good....
Sports  This weekend’s semifinals — Chelsea versus Tottenham, and Manchester City versus Arsenal — feature wealthy powerhouses....
Technology  A number of factors may be causing your web browser to lock up, but you might be able to find the culprit yourself with a little troubleshooting....
Politics  Eager to roll back Dodd-Frank legislation and overhaul the tax code, President Trump directed the Treasury Department to review measures that would curtail corporate tax evasion....
World  The hunters were abducted in 2015 by an Iran-backed militia in southern Iraq. Regional dynamics made them targets and later led to their freedom....
Movies  The monumental documentary about war and guilt is making its television premiere on HBO2....
Politics  Localities including New York City were told to stop withholding information about undocumented immigrants in custody or lose U.S. grant money....
Real Estate  To differentiate their buildings, developers are commissioning unique canopies to make the entrances to their buildings stand out....
Science  The spacecraft is set to venture into the gap between Saturn and its innermost ring 22 times until Sept. 15, then crash into the planet....
Science  NASA’s Cassini spacecraft will shift its orbit on Saturday, preparing to dive between Saturn and its rings....
Books  Since Tony Hillerman’s death in 2008, his daughter Anne has written three new novels starring his characters. “Song of the Lion” is the latest....
Music  The master drummer Torgbui Midawo Gideon Foli Alorwoyie, high priest of the Ewe cult and a teacher of Steve Reich, is sustaining his traditions in Texas....
Health  Doctors often prescribe levothyroxine to treat an underactive thyroid, and for most it has no effect....
Science  The large crystals, and perhaps life forms within, may be scattered around by a whirlwind that a geologist calls a gravel devil....
Books  Hilda Kean’s “The Great Cat and Dog Massacre” looks at the fate of hundreds of thousands of England’s pets during World War II....
Movies  There are so many services to stream films that it is easy to get lost. But digging is half the fun....
Food  There are so many paths you could take, but what about making some fresh pasta, or a roast chicken in a butter crust?...
World  With daring videos posted online, and rebellious social-media messages, activists are taking on their homeland’s famously patriarchal society....
Your Money  Without a clear, updated estate plan, there can be chaos after an accident or a death. Here’s how to avoid common problems....
Books  In “Letters to a Young Writer,” Colum McCann hopes to inspire people, and to “save them a little time and heartbreak.”...
Movies  Animators, documentarians and other filmmakers have found inspiration in the idea of a physical barrier at the United States-Mexico border....
World  The Trump administration says its missions in Syria and Afghanistan sent a warning to North Korea, but repeated studies have found that notion to be baseless....
Politics  The former president will take part in public and private events in May, beginning with a meeting with University of Chicago students....
Television  The actor, who returns to the role of Richard Hendricks in the HBO comedy’s fourth season, gets work done in the pilot’s seat....
Music  The music mastermind behind the virtual band explains how President Trump, Chicago house music and a vibrant cast fueled the group’s fifth album....
World  Officer Jugelé was gunned down Thursday evening on the Champs-Élysées, in an attack claimed by the Islamic State. He joined the city force in 2010....
World  Using classic K.G.B. tactics, security officers lured gay men into traps and tortured them into giving up the identities of others like them....
World  Even before officials reached the island, which is also claimed by China, Vietnam and Taiwan, the Chinese challenged the flight on the radio several times....
World  Gunmen and suicide bombers in military uniforms stormed a base as soldiers, most unarmed, were leaving Friday Prayer or eating lunch....
Real Estate  Brokers with professional counseling experience understand better than anyone that buying a home can be an emotional land mine....
Technology  Want to visit the places where Ernest Hemingway hung out? Google’s “interactive tours” allow users to explore parts unknown — without leaving their cubicles....
Sports  The semifinal will be a repeat of the 2014 and 2016 finals. In the other matchup, Monaco will play Juventus....
World  The standoff, experts say, is a vivid reminder of the struggles over allocating land in a Communist country with murky ownership rules....
Books  Michael Finkel’s “The Stranger in the Woods” introduces readers to an unlikely young hermit who lived in the Maine woods for 27 years....
Books  To celebrate Shakespeare’s 450th birthday, London’s Globe Theater performed “Hamlet” in 190 countries. Dominic Dromgoole looks back on the run in “Hamlet Globe to Globe.”...
Books  Readers respond to the criticism of authors, perpetuated myths and more....
World  Vice President Mike Pence’s visit comes after a tense phone call between President Trump and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in January set off a storm of criticism....
Books  Paul Starobin’s “Madness Rules the Hour” explains how secessionists in Charleston sought to dismantle the Union years before the Civil War....
Books  A new collection introduces Jane Bowles’s crooked, sui generis prose to a new generation....
Television  Fox says 10 more episodes of the sci-fi classic will air during the 2017-18 TV season and that David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson will take part....
World  The far-right leader Marine Le Pen seized on the brazen assault, but she was not the only presidential candidate who stood to gain ground before voting on Sunday....
Fashion & Style  A comic-book illustrator and a lawyer connect, decades after meeting as 11-year-olds in a New Rochelle day camp....
Books  Wendy Lesser’s “You Say to Brick” details how Louis Kahn’s designs helped lift the architectural profession out of its functionalist, modernist rut....
Books  The pioneering female doctor in Sarah Moss’s novel “Signs for Lost Children” attends to the women in an asylum, not her long-distance marriage....
Travel  Reduced prices are available for ski passes in the United States (West, Midwest and Northeast), Canada, Europe and Japan....
Travel  45 Degrees Kitchen, which opened in late 2015, prides itself on sourcing locally. Very locally....
Television  Why wasn’t it where it was supposed to be? The “Daily Show” host’s idea has to do with 4/20, the “holiday” for pot smokers. “They forget where they put things,” he said....
Real Estate  Buying a first home can be daunting, especially in New York City, but some can manage it on their own — without family help or a timely inheritance....
Health  In Oklahoma, which has raged against the law, insurance premiums are among the nation’s highest. New Mexico, which oversees its marketplace, has some of the lowest....
World  In Naraha, some classrooms have as few as six students, but the school’s reopening is a powerful sign of renewal for the town, which was evacuated after the meltdown in 2011....
Books  In this love letter to the Bard’s “swag-bellied omnivorous cornucopia of appetites,” Harold Bloom argues for Falstaff as one of literature’s vital forces....
Books  Charles R. Morris’s “A Rabble of Dead Money” looks beyond Wall Street to the global roots of the Great Depression....
Real Estate  Things every first-time buyer should know....
Books  After a divorce, two sons are happy to live with their father in Daniel Magariel’s “One of the Boys.” Then they learn about his crack addiction....
Books  In “My Cat Yugoslavia,” a strange and haunting debut by Pajtim Statovci, an exiled mother and son refuse to surrender their dreams....
Politics  A debate on the right about economic protectionism; why the left should stop watching “The West Wing”; and how late-night TV made partisanship worse....
World  A German-Russian man has been charged with carrying out the bombing, which has been attributed at various times to Islamist extremists and political groups....
Sports  LeBron James had 41 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists as Cleveland set an N.B.A. postseason record while taking a 3-0 lead in the series....
Politics  Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian-American charged with child abuse and human trafficking, was held for three years in a case that became a symbol of authoritarianism in Egypt....
World  Emma Morano’s singular achievement in life may have been perseverance. She lived for 117 years, crediting her longevity to raw eggs and her lack of a husband. She died on April 15....
Sports  The Rangers came back twice from one-goal deficits before winning on a Mika Zibanejad goal more than 14 minutes into overtime in Montreal....
Sports  The Giants quarterback addressed accusations related to a 2014 lawsuit, saying an email to a team equipment manager was taken out of context....
World  Presidential candidates in France expressed solidarity with the police after a shooting in Paris left the gunman and a police officer dead and others wounded....
Theater  In this rose-colored revival of the 1964 war horse “Hello, Dolly!,” Bette Midler provides a dazzling lesson in star power....
Movies  Critics of “The Ottoman Lieutenant” say it was aimed at undercutting another film, “The Promise,” by falsely painting the Armenian genocide as two-sided....
Politics  The attorney general’s comments, related to a federal judge’s ruling that blocked the Trump administration’s latest travel ban, drew criticism from lawmakers....
World  The recording, released through a Muslim Brotherhood channel, seems to show the Egyptian military staging the deaths to look as if the men had died in combat....
World  Demonstrations continued in Caracas after President Nicolás Maduro defied international calls to allow peaceful assemblies and ordered his forces into the streets. Hit with tear gas, some protesters fought back with firebombs....
Sports  The champion Patriots will begin the season Sept. 7 in a Thursday night game, while the team they beat for the title, the Atlanta Falcons, starts on the road....
Politics  The town of Van Wert, Ohio, became a crossroads of federal policy with a visit by Education Secretary DeVos and Randi Weingarten, a teachers’ union leader....
Politics  A debate among United States prosecutors is being led by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who said that arresting Mr. Assange was a priority....
Sports  Hernandez’s family may be interested in whether the former N.F.L. player had a degenerative brain disease that can only be diagnosed in autopsies....
World  Both the aircraft carrier repositioning that wasn’t and the massive bomb in Afghanistan show that even seasoned military leaders can lose sight of the broader picture....
Sports  With his domestic-violence suspension over, Familia rejoined an overtaxed bullpen. But the injuries are piling up for the Mets, who lost to the Phillies....
Sports  Bottling up and frustrating the game’s top players becomes the focus of opposing coaches, defenses and even offensive leaders....
Television  “El Chapo” chronicles three decades in the life of the elusive drug lord. And “Mary Kills People” brings some dark humor to a doctor’s end-of-life mission....
Fashion & Style  The couple met online in through Coffee Meets Bagel, a website started by one of Ms. Chauhan’s friends....
Fashion & Style  The couple were married at St. James’ Church in New York....
Fashion & Style  The couple, who met in the Barnard College dining hall, were married in New Jersey....
Fashion & Style  The bride, a Columbia graduate, and the groom, a Harvard graduate, met on OkCupid....
Fashion & Style  She does publicity for books, and he is a producer of online math games....
Fashion & Style  The couple met through mutual friends in 2012....
Fashion & Style  She’s a media and technology consultant, and he’s with Soros Fund Management. They married in Central Park....
Fashion & Style  The couple received law degrees at Duke, she magna cum laude and he cum laude....
Fashion & Style  The bride is with HSBC Securities, and the groom is with Appboy, which tracks engagement for apps....
Fashion & Style  The bride and groom, who met in high school, reconnected while in medical school....
Fashion & Style  She works for the Treasury Department in Washington, where he is a speechwriter on national security issues....
Fashion & Style  She works for the University of Texas Investment Management Company, and he is a lawyer in Austin, Tex....
Fashion & Style  The couple met at Yale, where each received a law degree....
Fashion & Style  The couple were married at the Conservatory of Flowers in San Francisco....
Fashion & Style  The bride is an obstetrics-gynecology resident; the groom is studying robotics and snow science in the polar regions....
Fashion & Style  The couple, both University of Texas graduates, met when she stepped on his foot with her cowboy boots....
Fashion & Style  The couple met in 2014 through Tinder....
Fashion & Style  She is from Mexico City, and he is from Rexburg, Idaho. They met in Chicago....
Television  Ms. Moran’s biggest role was as the sweet but mischievous Joanie, who became a major character on the show and earned a spinoff, “Joanie Loves Chachi.”...
Sports  Memphis’s Mike Conley set a team playoff record with 35 points, and Marc Gasol made a 12-foot floater with 0.7 of a second left in overtime as the Grizzlies edged San Antonio....
Sports  They will play the Boston Bruins or the Ottawa Senators in the next round....
Sports  The team announced that Kerr would be replaced by Mike Brown on Saturday night and did not specify what sort of illness Kerr had....
Sports  A pinch-hit three-run homer by Carter was his first of the season, one year after he tied for the N.L. lead with 41. He’s on a one-year deal with the Yankees....
Sports  The high point for the Mets’ offense came in the sixth inning, when the monumentally struggling Jose Reyes worked out a walk....
